Llama Llama , big big day ! It 's a first - a special stay .
TOYS
Pack up clothes and pj 's tight - Llama 's going overnight .
Who will take good care of Llama ? Llama Llama 's Gram and Grandpa !
Bag and Fuzzy ? In the car ! Buckle up ! The drive seems far . . . .
Hugs and kisses . Big hellos .
Mama loves you ! Off she goes .
A glass of milk . A yummy snack . Now it 's time to go unpack .
Mama 's picture in a frame . Different . Also just the same .
Take out socks and pants and book . Put the jammies on the hook . Feeling strange away from Mama .
Oh no ... WHERE IS FUZZY LLAMA ?
Llama dear , are you OK ? Llama does n't want to say .
Grandma says , Let 's go outside . Climb on up . Pretend to ride .
Tractor , gradens , grass to mow - Llama 's having fun . But . . . oh . . .
Fuzzy is still left at home . Maybe Fuzzy feels alone ?
Grandpa 's workshop - lots to do . Wood and hammers . Nails and glue .
Llama makes a little chair . It 's for Fuzzy . . . who 's not there .
Time for dinner . Help get ready . Carry dishes . Hold them steady . Grandma 's house has different food . Something squishy . Something stewed .
Llama tries it , and it 's good . Would you like more ? Llama would !
Dinner 's over . Time for bed . Llama wants to wait , instead . Grandpa says , Let 's see the stars .
Nighttime shows us where they are .
Take a bath . Then comb and brush . Settle in for stories . Hush . Finish books and get a kiss .
Llama dear , now what IS this ?
Llama 's lips begin to quiver . Llama starts to shake and shiver . Llama needs his Fuzzy near , but FUZZY LLAMA ISN'T HERE !
Wait a minute . Stay right here . Grandpa leaves , then reappears .
When Grandpa was a little boy , he also had a special toy .
Big or little , young or old , a llama needs someone to hold .
A Grandma kiss . A grandpa hug . Feeling cozy . Settled snug .
Llama Llama 's not alone . This is home . . .
away from home .
For grandparents everywhere , and the little llamas who love them .

Phyllis was not like the other groundhogs . She liked to get up in February instead of march . She liked to be outdoors instead of indoors .
When spring rains soaked the earth and everyone else huddled in the barrow , Phyllis splashed in puddles .
" You 're sopping wet ! " her mother scolded .
" I like the way the mud feels between my toes , " Phyllis explained .
Her mother shook her head and said to Phyllis 's father , " That 's Phyllis ! "
When the stream water rushed icy cold and fierce between the banks , Phyllis went wading . " You 'll catch a cold , " Aunt Patty warned .
Phyllis 's mother just shook her head . " That 's Phyllis ! "
When the August sun beat down turning the meadow brown , Phyllis pickled blackberries , warm and sweet , " You 'll bake in this heat ! " Aunt Sassy cried .
And guess what Phyllis 's mother said ?
" When I grow up , " Phyllis said , " I 'm going to be Punxsutawney Phil ! "
" Do n't be silly , dear , " her mother said , " Punxsutawney Phil is a fellow ! "
The other grown - ups laughed , but Phyllis knew she could do it , even if no one took her seriously .
And then , one February morning , Phyllis woke up early . She crawled out of bed and crept up the tunnel . The first light of morning shone at the mouth of the groundhog hole .
From the big pine trees came the steady drip , drip , drip of snow melting . Running water whispered in the brook . The air was sharp , but something about it had changed .
Spring was coming early !
She skipped back down the tunnel to wait for Uncle Phil to wake up and make his prediction .
" Phyllis , would you quit wiggling ! " complained Phil Junior .
" Yeah , Phyllis , " said Pete . " Some of us are trying to sleep . "
" How can you sleep when spring is in the air ! " asked Phyllis .
Phil Junior looked at Pete . " Only Phyllis would think spring was coming in the middle of winter ! " he said .
" It 's not the middle of winter , " Phyllis said . " It 's Groundhog Day . "
But Phil Junior and Pete were already dozing off .
Pretty soon Aunt Sassy got up and tried to wake Uncle Phil . She shook him and tugged his whiskers . She shouted in his ear . Everyone else in the burrow woke up , but Uncle Phil kept right on snoring .
" What 's all the ruckus ? " asked old Grandfather Groundhog .
" It 's Groundhog Day , " said Aunt Sassy , : and Phil 's still asleep ! I 'm afraid he 's getting too old for the job . "
" I 'll do it ! " Phyllis said eagerly . Everyone laughed .
" Punxsutawney Phil has never been a girl , " said Pete .
" And never will be ! " Phil Junior taunted .
" Nobody 's going to get the job until Phil gives it up , " said Aunt Sassy . " Now , how are we going to wake him ? "
" Dump snow on him , " Phyllis suggested .
" Good idea ! " said Aunt Sassy .
It worked .
Uncle Phil grumbled .
" It 's time to get up , " said Aunt Sassy . " It 's Groundhog Day . "
" I 'm sleepy , " complained Uncle Phil .
" If you 're too tired , " said Phyllis , " I 'd be happy to do the job for you . "
" Hamurph , " replied Uncle Phil . " Not just anyone can be Punxsutawney Phil . "
" I 'm not just anyone , " said Phyllis .
" Is your name Phil ? " asked Uncle Phil .
" No , " Phyllis admitted . " But Punxsutawney Phil 's real name is n't always Phil . "
" Yes , well , " grumbled Uncle Phil . " But were you born on Groundhog Day ? "
" I was born the day after , " Phyllis said .
" Not good enough , " said Uncle Phil . " Besides , you are a girl . When the time comes , one of the young fellows will fit the ticket ! " Phil Junior and Pete smirked .
" They ca n't even feel that spring is in the air ! " Phyllis said scornfully .
" We never have an early spring , " said Uncle Phil . " In all my years as Punxsutawney Phil , it 's never happened once . "
" It 's going to happen this year , " Phyllis said stubbornly .
Aunt Patsy chuckled . " That 's Phyllis , " she said .
Phyllis wished people would stop saying that !
" Phyllis , come up with me and see what the world looks like in February , " said Uncle Phil . " Then you 'll know I 'm right . "
Phyllis could n't believe her luck . They walked up the long tunnel and emerged into the light . Uncle Phil sat up on his hind legs and sniffed the air . " Just as I thought , " he said . " Six more weeks of winter . "
" Early spring ! " insisted Phyllis .
" Look at all that snow ! " said UNcle Phil . " Feel the cold ! "
" The snow is melting . " said Phyllis . " The water is running in the brook . "
Uncle Phil tilted his head and listened . " So it is , " he said softly . " I do n't hear as well as I used to . "
" The chickadees are singing their spring song , " said Phyllis .
" I 've never heard the chickadees on Groundhog Day ! " said Uncle Phil .
" And look , Uncle Phil , no shadows . "
" My eyes are n't as clear as they used to be , " said Uncle Phil .
" And do n't you smell the sweetness of spring ? " asked Phyllis .
Uncle Phil sniffed , " Just a hint , " he muttered .
" and there is something else , " said Phyllis . She had finally figured out what had felt different about the air all morning . "Feel the wind ? It 's from the west . The spring zephyr . "
" Well I 'll be jiggered ! " said Uncle Phil .
" Phyllis was right , " Uncle Phil announced when they returned to the burrow . " We are going to have an early spring . It 's time for me to retire . "
" But who will be the next Punxsutawney Phil ? " asked Aunt Patty .
" I will ! " said Phil Junior .
" No , I will ! " said pete .
" Sorry , boys , " said Uncle Phil . " You missed the signs too . "
" You ca n't mean . . . , " blathered Phil Junior .
" Yes boys , " said Uncle Phil . " This time the best Phil for the job is a Phyllis . "
" But what about the rules ! " whined Phil Junior and Pete .
" If Mother Nature can bend the rules once in a while , " said Uncle Phil , " we can too . Phyllis heard the water in the brook and the song of the birds . She saw that there was no shadow and she felt the spring zephyr . "
" That 's Phyllis ! " her mouth said proudly .
Phyllis grinned and said , " Punxsutawney Phyllis ! "

David has 5 senses
touch hear
see smell taste
touch
Leave him alone , David !
taste DON'T EAT THAT !
smell
Are you stinky , David ?
hear
David ! That 's too loud !
see
Peekaboo , Davey !

David 's first word were . . . Ball
Uh - oh !
Dog
Oops !
Ride
WHEE !
Eat
Yum !
Bath
Ahh !
Mama
Zzzzzzz

David 's Mommy always said . . . Oh , David !
Open up , Davey !
P. U. !
Hold still !
Go to sleep , David !
Oh , David , I love you .

' Twas the day before Christmas and Santa was ill . In the cold winter wind he had caught a bad chill .
COLD RELIEF
7:02 AM
DECEMBER 24
Will Christmas be canceled ? Will it come to that ? " Never ! " cried Santa . " Let 's call Pete the Cat ! "
PETE the cat
Santa asked Pete to deliver the toys to all the good girls and to all the good boys .
SANTA
" I 'll do it ! " said Pete . " And although I am small , at Christmas we give , so I 'll give it my all . "
SANTA
Give it your all , give it your all . At Christmas we give , so give it your all .
Pete jumped in his minibus and started to roll .
KEY WEST
" Road trip ! " cried Pete . " First stop - the North Pole . "
NORTH POLE
The reindeer were waiting to give Pete a tow .
So he packed up the presents and told them to go .
Then the minibus flew , just like in a movie . Pete the Cat cried , " This is totally groovy ! "
" I can do it ! " said Pete , " and although I am small , at Christmas we give , so I 'll give it my all . "
Give it your all , give it your all . At Christmas we give , so give it your all .
As the children were sleeping all snug in their beds ,
Pete and his reindeer appeared overhead .
Straight down the chimney Pete flew in a dash , then back in his minibus quick as a flash .
Each time he delivered a holiday gift , he crossed off a name written on Santa 's list .
ABBEY
Santa 's list was so big , and Pete felt so small . But at Christmas we give , so he gave it his all .
ALEX
HANNA
NATHAN
NIGEL
JACK
EVAN
LANDON
BRIAN
ETHAN
LEAH
MAYA
JEMA
PAIGE
LILY
VICTOR
TYLER
Give it your all , give it your all . At Christmas we give , so give it your all .
MICHAEL
JACOB
MADISON
MATTHEW
PIPER
EMILY
SAVANNAH
SOPHIA
ERIC
EMMA
OLIVIA
JESSICA
TREY
DESTINY
JOSH
HELEN
DORSEY
KIM
JAMES
JACKIE
JOHN
JANET
SARAH
GRACE
DAVID
RYAN
At the very last minute they reached the last house .
Pete dashed in and out just as quiet as a mouse .
Then right at the break of the new Christmas Day ,
Pete and his reindeer were flying away .
NORTH POLE TOYS INC
SANTA
ELF
Back at the North Pole , old Santa was waiting . The elves and the townsfolk were all celebrating .
THANK YOU , PETE !
SMALL IS COOL
Santa was dressed in his red coat and hat and cried , " Hip hip hurray for our friend Pete the Cat . "
" I did it ! " said Pete . " And although I am small , in the spirit of Christmas I gave it my all ! "
Give it your all , give it your all . At Christmas we give , so give it your all .
PETE

Skippyjon Jones was a real High - Wire Henry .
And that made his mama as worried as a worm in a wading pool .
" Oh , my fleas , " wailed Mama Junebug Jones . " Come down from that wire before you break all your bones ! "
" He ca n't hear you , " sang his sisters , Ju - Ju Bee , Jezebel , and Jilly Boo , " 'cause Skippy 's up in squirrely world . "
The girls were right . The kitty boy was performing tail - tingling tricks on the telephone wire above them .
" That 's amazing , " gushed the girls . " He should join the circus . "
" Circus berserkus ! " groaned Mama . " I 'm calling the Fire Department . "
" Fire Department ? " repeated Jilly Boo . " Skippy 's not on fire , he 's on wire . "
But before Junebug Jones could press a button , the kitty boy did a triple - spin backflip dive right into Mama 's apron pocket .
" That was really good for Chi - wu - lu , " said Ju - Ju Bee .
" The word is Chihuahua , " said Mama , frazzled . " And he is not that . Skippyjon Jones is a Siamese cat . "
Then she lugged her catch of the day back to his room for a time - out and a big talk .
" What did you think you were doing up there ? You and those squirrels on a wire in midair ? What if you tripped and fell on your head ? You''d have to spend months in a hospital bed ! "
Then , as Junebug Jones pawed at her hives , she let the truth slip about cats and nine lives .
" I wish we had nine , but we only have one . So think about that my Siamese son . "
Then she closed the door .
The kitty boy was thinking all right . . . about bouncing on his big - boy bed . " Oh , I 'm Skippyjonjones , and I do n't have nine lives .
" So what 's the big deal ? Hey , did I just see flies ? "
Indeed he did , and he chased one over to his mirror . . . .
Where he ate it , " Holy snack - ito ! " exclaimed the kitty boy . " Love ' dem crunchies . "
Then he looked into the mirror and , using his very best Spanish accent , he said , " If I have but one life to live , muchacho , let me live it as a Chihuaha . "
In less time than it takes a flea to fly to Florida , Skippyjon Jones put together a fine costume while he sang in a muy , muy soft voice .
" Oh my name is Skippito Friskito ,
And I 'm one handsome daredevil - ito .
I 'm physically fit ,
Every part , every bit ,
Just right for a circus pooch - ito . "
( clap - clap ) ( clap - clap ) ( clap - clap )
In the meantime , over in the sewing nook , Mama was attempting to have a sensible conversation with the girls .
" Where is Jilly Boo 's tutu ? " asked Mama .
" The Chi - wu - lu has the tutu , " replied Ju - Ju Bee .
" Whatever for ? " asked Mama .
" Because Chi - wu - lus wear tutus , " said Jezebel .
" And cows wear muumuus , " added Ju - Ju Bee .
" And boo - boos wear Band - Aids , " continued Jezebel .
" And I need a nap ! " moaned Mama .
But the Chi - wu - lu was n't thinking tutus , muumuus , or boo - boos . He was thinking of flying through the air with the greatest of fleas . . . just like the the dog on a flying trapeze .
Until thump , he planted his paws in a purr - fecto landing on the turf outside the Cirque de "
" Hola ! " hollered back Skippito Friskito , the great acrobat - ito , to his barking buddies .
" Hold your ponies , puppito , " declared Poquito Tito , the smallest of the small ones . " Have you grown a bigote ? "
" No , I did not grow a mustache - ito , " answered the gatito . " It 's just part of my costume . "
" ¡ Bueno ! " said Don Diego , the biggest of the small ones . " Because we need you to grow something mucho más importante . "
" But what can be more important than a mustache , muchachos ? " asked Skippito .
" ¡ Los músculos ! " said all the puppitos .
" Not the lump - itos giganticos ? " declared Skippito .
" Oh sí , muchacho , " said Poquito Tito . " The muscles . "
Then Don Diego pulled an old circus poster out of his right ear and let it unroll .
" Now do you get it , dude ? "
THE FIRST TIME IN AMERICA
TINGLING BROS
AND CIRQUE DE OLÉ PRESENTS THE TINY TREMBLING TOWER OF POWER
" Oh , I get it all right , " said Skippito . " It means I am low dog on the totem pole . "
This made the Chihuahuas twist and shout .
" Oh yes , that 's right Skippito ,
Your cabeza is just what we need - o.
And your muscles must grow ,
Just in time for the show ,
Or else we will all crumble - ito . "
( clap - clap ) ( clap - clap ) ( clap - clap )
Then all the perritos snuck under the skirts of the big top .
First the muchachos tippytoed by the caballista practicing on her pony .
Then they slipped past the payaso , putting his paper - popping puppy through his paces .
But it was n't until they reached the elefante that the puppitos had to worry .
" Watch your step , amigos , " warned Poquito Tito . " We are but pulgas to her . "
" We are not fleas , " said Skippito . " We are Chihuahuas ! "
And that was n't all the doggies had to watch out for .
They saw léones and tigres and osos . Oh , my !
But the most dangerous animal of all lay sleeping like   ababy in his cage . " Let 's take a peek , puppitos , " said Skippito .
" Let 's just take his traje , " suggested Poquito Tito .
" Not his costume ! " declared Skippito , alarmed . " ¿ Por qué ? "
" Because it will look mucho major on you , señor . "
Then they raced like rabbits over to their dressing room .
PUTZI
SHTRUNGLEBOOT
THE SHTRONGDOG
80 lbs
MEAN MAD
MUSCLE with a MEATBALL for a BrAiN
But the circus waits for no dog . So with the speed of a spitball , the poochitos changed their chico into a world - class circus perro con músculos . First they gave him a vitamina . Then they pulled on his new traje .
" It 's too big , " complained the gatito .
" No worries , " woofed Don Diego .
" We will PUMP YOU UP . "
And pump the perros did , singing ,
" Oom - pah - pah , loom - pah - pah - lito ,
( clap - clap )
We 'll give you the muscles you need - o ,
( clap - clap )
Cuz strong you must be ,
For the triple T.P. ,
So we do n't all go
BOOM
tumble - ito . "
( clap - clap )
Then it was the moment of truth as they floated Skippito out under the big top .
Perros poured out from every point and piled on top of Skippito 's grande cabeza .
UP , UP , UP they climbed until they formed a perfecto tower of tiny , trembling Chihuahuas .
And beneath the tower stood the power , tough and shaky as five - day - old Jell - O.
But just as the pups were about to make circus history . . .
Putzi Shtrungleboot , the Shtrong Dog , strutted out into the center ring and bit the behind of his very own traje .
" ¡ Olé ! " shouted the crowd .
" Oh no ! " cried Skippito as the tiny Trembling Tower of Power tumbled from his head .
TA - DA ! blasted la banda as Skippito flew up into the rafters like a punctured balloon .
" Whoohoo ! " hooted the crowd as the gatito caught hold of el trapecio . Then he flew through the air with the greatest of squeeze --
-- the brave little cat on the flying trapeze . BUt just as he reached the highest point , Skippito let go and dazzled the audience again with a double twirly - squirrely wist onto the tightrope .
But the tightrope acted just like a slingshot , and Thwappppp !
It sent Skippito Up Up Up to the tippety top of the tent . Then Shooooop ! Down Down Down he dove , cabeza first into the cotton candy kitten ball cannon .
Where Putzi Shtrungleboot , the Shtrong Dog , was waiting to light the fuse .
" Drumroll , por favor ! " ordered Don Diego .
-but - ta - but - ta - but - ta - but - ta - but - a - but - ta - but - ta-
Then
KA - BOOM ! !
El Skippito Friskito , the great acrobat - ito , blasted out of the circus , out of his closet , and right out of his room .
" SMACK - A - DOODLE - DOO ! " shouted the kitty boy as he collided with his mama 's head .
" Wow ! " exclaimed Jezebel . " Where did he come from ? "
" He came from the circus , silly , " said Jilly Boo .
Later that night , after a piece of maple mouse pie , the kitty boy made up a rhyme just for his mama and delivered wit with a most sincere bounce .
" Oh , I 'm Skippyjonjones ,
But you 're the bees ' knees ,
'Cuz your cookin ' is smokin ' - "
" Hey , did I just see fleas ? " asked Mama , beginning to scratch .
" Circus fleas , " replied the kitty boy proudly .
" Circus berserkus , " muttered Mama . " Get your collars out , kittens . It 's going to be an itchy night . "
It 's always a circus with Skippyjon Jones around !

Splat the Cat buckled his seat belt . " Let 's go ! " he yelled . " It 's vacation time ! "
Everyone else piled in .
" Bring me back a shell so I can hear the sea , too ! " said Grandpa .
" When I come back , I 'll have a shell to show and a story to tell , " Splat said . Grandpa waved farewell .
" Hello , beach ! " said Splat . Splat 's toes wiggled in the soft sand . Now he could look for a shell .
Dad said , " Splat , will you please help me with the umbrella ? "
" Okay , " Splat said .
" Then I 'm going to find a shell . "
" Splat , first help me spell ! " begged Little Sis .
" Okay , " Splat said .
" After that , I have to look for a shell . "
My Castle
Just then Splat 's tummy made a rumble . GRRRR
" Time for ice cream and fish , " Splat said .
" Then shell hunting ! "
Splat began his search . He wanted to bring home the sound of the sea for Grandpa .
First Splat found a dull snail shell .
It was way too small .
Then Splat found a frail eggshell . That was the wrong kind of shell , and it had a funny smell .
Splat thought he saw a pale shell buried in the sand .
Jingle , jingle . It turned out to be a bell .
Almost all the other shells that Splat saw were broken . " How odd , " said Splat . " What can I do ? I have no shell for show - and - tell . I have no shell for Grandpa . "
Splat took his pail and walked along the water . He followed the trail of broken shells .
Then Splat heard a crack ! A shell fell . The shell broke . Splat looked up .
A gull was dropping shells all over the shore .
Splat ran after the gull . He tried to catch the shells before they fell .
Splat ran back and forth and then . . . splat ! He fell into a swell !
Splat failed about . Then . . . thump . He landed on something . Something BIG !
It was a whale ! " Can you help me catch a shell ? " Splat asked .
The whale spouted . Sploosh ! Water went up .
Splat went up , too . The gull dropped another shell , and Splat caught it .
Whoosh ! The whale stopped spouting .
Splat slid down the whale 's tail and onto the sandy shore .
Splat shook the water out of his ears and held up the shell . He heard the roaring swell ! All 's well that ends well , Splat thought happily .
On the way home , Splat thought about the whale of a tale he would tell to Grandpa . Then he fell asleep listening to the sound of the sea .

From the time Gilbert the great white shark was a tiny pup , Raymond the remora stuck to him like glue . Raymond was always at Gilbert 's side .
When Gilbert was stuck in the seaweed , Raymond untangled him .
When Gilbert got dirty , Raymond cleaned him up .
And when Gilbert lost his first row of teeth , Raymond helped him collect them for the tooth fairy .
Gilbert and Raymond had lots of fun . They loved to play finball , tide and seek , and sardines . They shared everything .
Then one day Raymond told Gilbert that his family had to move across the ocean .
" I do n't want to go , but Mom says I have to , " cried Raymond .
As Raymond and his family swam away , Gilbert 's mother hugged him tight and tried to comfort him .
" Raymond 's my best friend , " said Gilbert .
" Why did he have to go away ? It 's not fair ! "
" I know , " said Mom , " but his family could n't just leave him behind . "
She kissed Gilbert on the snout . " Go and play tide and seek with the pilot fish . It will keep your mind off Raymond . "
But Gilbert could n't stop thinking about his friend .
" I want to move with Raymond , " Gilbert said . " He 's moved too far away , " said Mo. " We have to stay here . Let 's go watch the basketball game . The Thrashing Threshers are playing the Tidal Tigers . Who do you want to win ? "
Gilbert looked around . THere were remoras everywhere , but none of them was Raymond .
" I do n't care ! " he said , and he swam off before either side scored a basket .
" It 's my fault Raymond moved , " Gilbert snapped as he passed an eel .
" Last week I called him a sucker ! "
" You did n't make Raymond leave , " Mom smiled . " Everyone fights sometimes . "
The clown fish did their best to cheer Gilbert up , but nothing could make him smile .
The next day at school , everyone was very kind to Gilbert . They even gave him an extra long turn on thet sea - saw .
" Cheer up , " said Marvin the Mallet . " There are plenty of fish in the sea ! "
" There is n't another Raymond , " said Gilbert .
Gilbert was still sulking when Mom came to collect him from school . " It 's not the same without Raymond , " Gilbert pouted .
That night Gilbert cried and cried and cried and his warm tears mingled with the cold ocean water .
The next morning Mom took Gilbert gently by the fin and towed him into shallow water . Rocked by the gentle waves , they gazed out at the seashore and the bright blue sky .
" I hope Raymond 's new home is as nice as this , " said Gilbert .
" I 'm sure it is , " said Mom .
" I 'm hungry , " Gilbert said suddenly .
" We 'll go to the Wreck , " said Mom .
Gilbert 's eyes lit up . They did n't usually go to the Wreck . Mom did n't like him eating junk food .
" Scrunch ... Munch ... Crunch . "
As Gilbert was biting into a pile of tin cans and bits of old boat , he spotted a small remora crying in the shadows . Gilbert stopped crunching and swam towards her .
" What 's the matter ? " Gilbert asked .
" Mom and I moved and I had to leave my shark behind , " she sobbed . " Now I do n't have any friends . "
" My remora had to move , too , " said Gilbert sadly . " I 'm so lonely . "
Gilbert and the remora looked at each other and smiled wobbly smiles .
" I 'm Gilbert , " siad Gilbert .
" I 'm Rita , " replied the remora .
Just then a ray of sunlight filtrated through the deep blue ocean . Gilbert 's teeth flashed as he grinned a large grin .
" Do you want to play finball with me , Rita ? " he asked .
Sunlight danced in Rita 's eyes .
" I 'd love to , " she said , and the two new friends swam off to find a ball ... to play with .
The End

Crispin Blaze was born into a proud family of fire - breathing dragons . " Every Blaze breathes fire , " explained his father . " I breathe fire . Your mother breathes fire . Tomorrow , when you turn seven , you 'll breathe fire , too . "
The little dragon imagined all the forests he would burn down . He dreamed of all the castles he would destroy . He also considered boiling water to make tea , but he did n't tell his father that .
The next day , Crispin sat among family and friends as a big cake was brought to the table .
" Who will light the birthday candles ? " his mother asked .
" I will ! " declared Crispin . He could feel a tingling inside his tummy . But when he opened his mouth , fire did not come out .
Whipped cream came out .
" Crispin ! " shouted his father . " Dragons breathe fire ! "
" What will the neighbors think ? " worried his mother .
" I love whipped cream , " said his little sister Ashley .
The little dragon was whisked off to the doctor the very next day .
" Please fix my son , " demanded Crispin 's father .
" What seems to be the problem ? " asked the doctor .
Crispin opened his mouth and breathed . But fire did not come out .
Band - Aids came out .
" I see , " said the doctor gravely .
" Dragons should breathe fire , " insisted Crispin 's father .
" We were low on Band - Aids , " mumbled the nurse .
The doctor sent Crispin home with medicine . He swallowed two teaspoons before going to school .
" It will help you become a real dragon , " said his father with a wink .
After school , Crispin joined his first fire breathing practice . One by one , little dragons aimed their fiery breath at stacks of logs until they burst into flames .
Crispin stepped up confidently . He could feel the medicine bubbling in his belly . But when he opened his mouth , fire did not come out .
Marshmallows came out .
" Dragons breathe fire ! " yelled the coach . " Is n't that right , class ? "
The other dragons did n't answer . They were too busy looking for pointy sticks for marshmallow roasting .
I guess I 'm not a real dragon , Crispin thought . He worried that his family would be disappointed .
So he ran away from home .
The world can be a scary place for a little dragon who ca n't breathe fire .
Crispin found a dark cave . " I 'll be a fireless dragon all by myself . I wo n't bother anyone , and no one will bother me . "
An hour later , he had a visitor .
" I am Sir George , " squeaked a thin , shiny knight . " Sh - sh - show yourself , dragon ! "
Crispin shuffled out of the cave .
The thin , shiny knight help up his thin , shiny sword . " D - d - do your worst , dragon ! "
Crispin opened his mouth . But fire did not come out .
Soap bubbles cam out .
" Do n't you breathe fire , dragon ? "
Crispin shook his head . " I ca n't . "
Sir George moaned . " But my father insists that I fight a fire - breathing dragon . It even says here in my book that your typical dragon breathes fire . "
" I am not your typical dragon , " Crispin explained .
Sir George sighed . " I ca n't go home . "
" Me neither . " Crispin nodded . But then he had an idea . " Maybe your book could tell us what to do . "
" Of course ! " Sir George searched through the pages . " It says it 's probably just your diet . "
Sir George fed Crispin spicy curry , scorching chili , and blistering salsa .
Crispin opened his mouth . But fire did not come out .
Red party streamers came out .
" At least they 're the right color , " said Sir George kindly .
Sir George searched through the book again . " Aha ! It says it 's probably your attitude . "
Sir George showed Crispin how to look mean and angry enough to breathe fire .
Crispin opened his mouth . But fire did not come out .
Soft , cuddly teddy bears came out .
" Hmmm , " said Sir George , " we may have taken a step backward . "
" It 's no use , " Crispin sighed . " I 'm just not your typical dragon . "
But Sir George was not ready to give up . " Aha ! The book says you 're too stressed . "
Sir George made Crispin close his eyes while he described a quiet , relaxing day at the ocean . " Do you feel calm ? Now imagine a hundred shiny knights attacking you ! '
Crispin opened his mouth . But fire did not come out . Beach balls came out .
" Well , that 's just plain weird . "
Secretly , Sir George was glad that Crispin could n't breathe fire . He liked the little dragon and did n't want to fight him . Crispin liked the shiny knight , too , but he missed his parents . " Sir George , it 's getting dark . I want to go home . "
The shiny knight patted him on the back . " Do n't worry , little dragon . I will take you . "
Crispin 's parents were relieved when he arrived home safely . Sir George was about to say good - by when they heard a shout . " There you are , boy ! Why on earth are you playing with a fire - breathing dragon ? "
" He 's my friend , Father , " whispered Sir George , " and besides , he does n't breathe fire . "
" A dragon that does n't breathe fire ? That 's the silliest thing I 've ever heard . " The shiny man laughed .
Crispin 's father stormed out of the house . " My son is not silly ! He may not breathe fire , but I certainly do ! "
Crispin 's father let out a powerful spray of flames .
" Do your worst , dragon ! " declared the shiny man .
But then the flames scorched the lawn .
" That 's enough , honey , " said Crispin 's mother .
The flames singed the fence .
" You 've made your point , dear , now stop showing off , " she scolded .
Then the flames ignited the roof .
Crispin 's father panicked . " I ca n't stop breathing fire ! "
" You 'll burn our house down ! " cried his mother . " You 'll burn down the whole neighborhood ! "
Dragons came running from all directions . They knew how to start fires , but no one knew how to stop them .
Crispin suddenly felt a tingling in his tummy . He felt a bubbling in his belly . He opened his mouth .
But fire did not come out .
A gush of water shot out !
Crispin aimed the water at his father 's flames . He saved his home , and he even saved the shiny man , who was n't looking so shiny anymore .
" Hurray for Crispin ! " everyone shouted .
On Crispin 's next birthday , there was a big party . Family and friends came from all over the land . Sir George and his family came , too .
Lots of dragons were dancing . Crispin stood with his mouth open wide . Fire still did not come out . Music came out instead .
" Your son , " said an old uncle to Crispin 's father , " he 's not your typical dragon , is he ? "
" No , " replied Crispin 's father proudly . " My son is something special . "
And then he jumped up and danced to Crispin 's music , too .

Abyssinian
The founding cat of this breed was brought back from the East African country of Abyssinia , which is now known as Ethiopia . Abyssinians have a special type of tabby markings . This makes their coat look sparkly . They are very friendly cats that enjoy playing .
American Bobtail
The American Bobtail has a much shorter tail than most cats , measuring between a half and a third of their length . This breed is often shorthaired , with tabby markings . All of today 's American Bobtails are related to an abandoned kitten found in the state of Arizona .
American Curl
The curly ears of these cars are really unusual ! There is a choice of short and longer coated American Curls , both of which have slim bodies . These cats are descended from a stray that moved in with a California couple in 1981 .
American Shorthair
Descended from street cats , the American Shorthair can be seen at many cat shows . It is a strong , muscular cat , bred in a wide range of colors and patterns . American Shorthairs with tabby markings are most common . They are friendly cats by nature .
American Wirehair
Here is a cat whose coat feels very different , with an unusual wiry feel . The hairs , including the whiskers , may be curly . The first American Wirehair cat was bred on a farm in upstate New York , and event today , these cats are rare . Their unusual coat needs no special hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhyygtffdcar.huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuh
Angora
Active and lively , the Angora has been developed from crossings of Abyssinian and Siamese cats . Angoras have long bodies with soft , silky coats . Their fur is longer on the body than the face and does not mat , or tangle easily . Angoras enjoy chasing after toys .
Australian Mist
The first cats of this breed were spotted , but now there are others with marbled patterning . The markings on the coat of the Australian Mist are not that clear . They appear misty , and that 's how they got their name . These are gentle cats , and tend not to scratch , nor do they like hunting .
Balinese
These elegant cats are the longhaired form of the Siamese breed , and they have similar patterning with stunning blue eyes . They have a thin coat , and this helps to emphasize their athletic body . Balinese like climbing and jumping .
Bengal
This breed is the result of matings between wild Asian Leopard Cats and domestic cats . This explains why Bengals often keep their tail close to the ground when walking , like wild cats . They love climbing and are often fascinated with water , too . They enjoy trying to catch the drops from a dripping tap .
Birman
There is no mistaking a Birman , because of its unusual markings . It has white areas on its front feet , known as gloves . White fur also extends up the back of the legs , and these markings are called boots . Whatever their actual coat color , Birmans always have blue eyes .
Bombay
Looking just like a miniature black panther , the Bombay has jet black , glossy fur . Its eyes are usually coppery in color , but sometimes green . These are easy cats to look after , but may be greedy , putting on weight . Bombays are happy living with dogs .
[ black ]
British Longhair
These cats are the longhaired form of the British Shorthair , and so their coats will need more grooming and care . British Longhairs are bred in a wide range of colors and patterns to their short - coated cousins and have the same laid - back personality .
British Shorthair
This breed was developed from ordinary street cats , and over time , new colors were created . Almost every color and pattern that you can think of in cats can now be seen in this breed . British Shorthairs have become larger than ordinary pet cats . They are intelligent , friendly , and playful .
Burmese
As a result of differences in their ancestry , Burmese in North America now have more rounded faces than those seen in Europe . You can choose Burmese in a range of colors ; their eyes normally vary from yellowish to gold . They are good as indoor cats and play well with dogs and children .
Burmilla
Bred for its friendly nature as much as its beautiful coloring , the Burmilla is a great choice of pet . Its coat " sparkles " as it moves . Its name reflects the two breeds from which it was bred in 1981 . These were the Burmese and the Chinchilla Longhair .
California Spangled
The aim of Paul Casey , who created this unusual breed , was to develop a domestic cat with a spotted coat that looked and walked like a small leopard . He hoped it would remind people of how the wild relatives of domestic cats were becoming threatened .
Chartreux
The grayish fur - known as blue in the cat world - is a main feature of the ancient Chartreux breed . In fact , this is the only color these cats come in . They are Europe 's oldest cat breed , whose descendants have lived at the same monastery in France for more than 800 years .
Chausie
These cats are bigger than ordinary domestic cats . This is because they are descended partly from the jungle cat , a wild species that played a part in their early breeding . Chausies can jump the height of a person , run along tree branches , and are very active cats .
Cornish Rex
A litter of farm cats born during the 1950s in the country of Cornwall , southwestern England , included a kitten with an unusually short , curly coat . He was named Kallibunker and became the founder of the Cornish Rex breed . These cats can sit up on their hind legs just like dogs .
Cymric
This is the longhaired form of the Manx cat , and as a result , some Cymrics have no trace of a tail . The Cymric has an easygoing , playful nature , and will live happily in a home with a dog . It has a reputation for having a long lifespan .
Devon Rex
These elf - like cats are mischievous in nature , and love playing games , such as chasing after balls . They soon learn to recognize the sound of their names and come when called . Their soft , thin coat does not protect them well from the cold . They do not enjoy going outdoors in bad weather .
Egyptian Mau
Egypt in the Middle East is where cats became popular pets thousands of years ago . This breed is descended from the street cats and has a spotted tabby pattern . The word " mau " means " cat " in Egyptian and probably comes from the " meow " sound that cats make .
European Shorthair
Bred from the street cats of Europe , the European Shorthair is hardy and friendly by nature and adaptable , too . Their short coats need little grooming , and they can be seen in many colors and patterns . European Shorthairs usually live happily alongside dogs that share their home .
Exotic Shorthair
Looking like a teddy bear with its flat face , big round eyes , and cuddly coat , the Exotic is the result of breeding between Persian Longhairs and American Shorthairs . It has now become very popular , especially in North America and can be seen in a wide range of colors and patterns .
Havana Brown
This cat is an attractive warm , chocolate - brown shade . Its eyes are always green and oval in shape . Lively and playful , the Havana Brown is a relative of the Siamese and has a similar athletic build .
Highlander
This breed is very easy to recognize because it has slightly curled ears combined with a short bobtail . Highlanders exist in almost any color or pattern , and they can have long or short fur . They love to play and have lots of energy !
Japanese Bobtail
These cats are often black and white , or tortoiseshell and white , although they are bred in other colors , too . They have unusual pompom tails . Their habit of sitting in windows with a raised paw inspired the Japanese tradition of placing a ceramic ornament called " Maneki Neko " - meaning the " Beckoning Cat " - in windows to greet visitors .
Korat
This ancient breed comes from the northeastern province of Korat , Thailand . The Korat has   distinctive silvery - blue coat . Young cats have yellowish eyes that later change to a beautiful shade of green . These cats were traditionally given in pairs as wedding gifts to wish couples good luck .
Kurilian Bobtail
The homeland of these rare cats is the Kuril Islands , near Russia and Japan . It is thought , that they are descended from cats taken there by sailors from mainland Asia many centuries ago . They have a large head , tabby patterning , and a short bobtail .
Lambkin
With fur that can look like lamb 's wool , this breed has the coat of a Selkirk Rex combined with the short legs of a   Munchkin . These cats can climb very well , both in the home and outside in the garden and are affectionate by nature .
LaPerm
All of today 's LaPerms trace their ancestry back to a farm cat born in 1982 on a fruit farm in Oregon . These cats have loose , bouncy fur , with longhaired members of this breed having bigger coats . LaPerm kittens are often bald at birth , and their fur grows slowly .
Maine Coon
This was the first breed developed in the U.S. , in the state of Maine . During the 1800s , these cats were commonly kept on farms . Today , the Maine Coon has become the most popular cat breed in the world . Males grow larger than females .
Manx
Hundreds of years ago , cats on the Isle of Man , off England 's northwestern coast , started to give birth to kittens without tails . The Manx are bred in many colors , often having white areas in their coats . These cats are playful and intelligent by nature . Manx have been featured on the island 's coins and stamps .
Munchkin
These cats are a new breed and can be easily recognized by their short legs . There are both short and long - coated forms . People used to worry that the short legs would handicap these cats , but this has not proved to be a problem . They run fast , although they can not jump far .
Nebelung
Kittens of this breed are born with blue eyes , but they change to green or sometimes yellowish - green . The distinctive blue - gray coat of a Nebelung has a silky texture and is of medium length . They are related to the Russian breed and are currently rare .
Norwegian Forest Cat
Bred to survive in the bitterly cold winters of Norway , these are large cats with dense , water - repellent coats . They shed their thick fur in the spring , losing their ruff - the area of long fur under their chin . Tabbies are common . These cats like to roam outside .
Ocicat
The stunning appearance of wild cats has often attracted breeders who want to create domestic cats with similar patterning . In this case , a breed was developed that displayed the spotted markings of the Ocelot , which lives in parts of Central and South America .
Oriental
These cats exist in more colors and patterns than any other breed . There are hundreds of possible varieties . Orientals are playful , active , and vocal cats with large ears and an elegant body shape .
Persian
This cat dates back to the late 1800s and was one of the first recognized purebreds . Aside from their long coats , which require a lot of grooming to prevent the hair from becoming matted , Persians have short noses and small ears , too . They exist in many different colors and patterns .
Peterbald
This relatively new breed was created in St. Petersburg , Russia , in 1993 . The coat length of these cats varies widely . The whiskers can be curly in some cases , too . In terms of body shape , the Peterbald looks like a Siamese cat .
Pixiebob
The unusual breed resembles a miniature Bobcat , as reflected by its very short tail and build . Pixiebobs are often brown tabbies . They may look like wild cats , but DNA tests have shown that they are simply domestic cats .
Ragamuffin
Ragamuffins are large cats that have been carefully bred to ensure they are gentle by nature , just like their ancestor , the Ragdoll . They have been created in a wide range of colors and patterns . Their long coats do not mat easily and are very soft .
Ragdoll
The name of these cats comes from the way that they relax when they are picked up , lying in your arms like a rag doll . They are also one of the few breeds that display little , if any , hunting instincts , meaning that they will not harm wildlife .
Russian
In the 1860s these cats were developed around the Port of Archangel , in the far north of Russia , and from there they were taken to England and other European countries . They were known for a time both as the Archangel and Russian Blue , but other colors such as white now exist , too .
Savannah
Named after the plains of Africa , these cats are hybrids - being the result of matings between the wild Serval and domestic cats . They are the largest breed , much bigger than ordinary cats , and have spotted patterning . They may greet people by bouncing up to them , like a dog !
Scottish Fold
The cute appearance of these cats stems not just from the way their ears are folded down , but also the rounded shape of their face . The first Scottish Fold kitten , called Susie , cropped up on a farm in Scotland in 1961 . There are no long and short - haired forms of these affectionate cats .
Selkirk Rex
Descended from an abandoned kitten brought into a rescue shelter in Montana , this breed is named after the nearby Selkirk Mountains . It is a typical Rex breed , with a curly coat , and exists in both short and long , coated varieties . They are large cats with round faces .
Serengeti
This breed does not come from the Serengeti region of East Africa , as its name might suggest . Breeders wanted to develop a cat that looked like the Serval . Rather than using wild cats of any kind , the Serengeti has been developed from Oriental and Bengal bloodlines . Serengeti are friendly , spotted , and relatively long - legged cats .
Siamese
Sleek , short - coated , and noisy , the Siamese is one of the best - known breeds . Kittens are born white , and only develop the darker areas of coloration on their legs , feet , face , ears , and tail over time . These areas of the body are described as the points .
Siberian
Well - protected against the freezing cold of the Siberian winter , these cats roamed the countryside for hundreds of years before they came to the attention of cat breeders . As with many longhaired cats , their coat becomes thicker and longer during the winter , and then is shed in the spring .
Singapura
The ancestors of this breed were discovered living wild in the Asian country of Singapore . They became known locally as " drain cats " , because they used to shelter in storm drains . The Singapura is a ticked tabby . This means Singapuras have alternating dark brown and ivory - white banding running down their hairs . They are also one of the smallest breeds of cat .
Snowshoe
White markings on the front feet help to identify the Snowshoe . A white stripe is present , extending between the eyes and broadening over the nose and around the jaws . This is known as a blaze . The eyes are blue , reflecting the part played by the Siamese in the breed 's ancestry .
Sokoke
This breed is named after the Sokoke forest region in Kenya , Africa , where the ancestors of this breed were discovered in 1978 . Their patterning is very distinct , as is their behavior . They often walk on tiptoe , and the male cat helps the female take care of their kittens .
Somali
Somalis are the long - coated form of the Abyssinian breed , and they are similar in nature . If you look closely at their coat , you will see alternating light and dark bands of color extending along the length of their hairs . The Somali is a cautious breed that loves to play and cuddle .
Sphynx
Although sometimes called the hairless cat , the Sphynx can have traces of hair present on its body . These cats are not only at risk from the cold , but they can suffer sunburn easily , too , particularly where there are pink areas of skin . They are generally best kept indoors .
Tonkinese
Related to both the Burmese and the Siamese , the Tonkinese has a pale body , often with a darker face and feet . The shading on the body darkens over time . Its head is more rounded and less triangular in appearance than a Siamese , and this is how they can be told apart .
Toyger
This domestic cat looks just like a miniature tiger , with stripes on the sides of its body . Its ears are large and its tail is long . The founder of this new breed is a street cat from Kashmir , India .
Turkish Angora
These cats have been kept in the area of Angora , Turkey , for thousands of years . They are often white in color and were probably the ancestor of the Persian Longhair . Their coat has a very distinctive , silky texture , but they do not have a thick undercoat .
Turkish Van
This breed is found around Lake Van in Turkey . Although many people think cats dislike water , Turkish Van cats often go swimming in the lake in summer to cool down when it is very hot .

" Whoosh ! " said the wind .   It blew the bright kite .
" Whoosh ! " said the wind .   It blew the pretty sailboat .
" Whoosh ! " said the wind .   It blew the big flag .
" Whoosh ! " said the wind .   It blew the green tree .
" Whoosh ! " said the wind .   It blew the cute dog .
" Whoosh ! " said the wind .   It blew the fluffy flower .
No , it was not the wind ,   It was me .   Tee - hee !

¡ Hola ! Jalapeño - I said Hello ! my chile friend .
Señorita Quesadilla ,
cheese is melting out your end .
Here 's la cocina en mi casa ( that 's the kitchen in my house ) , where I eat a big burrito , almost wider than my mouth .
Corn tortillas make my tacos ,
my tostada , ...
and my chips . Tomato salsa , por favor , and guacamole dip !
Gracias , tamales , for your masa dough surprise wrapped up tight in leaves of corn - a present in disguise .
Dance , frijoles negros , with rice we call arroz .
Roll on , enchiladas in your bed of cheese and sauce !
Chicken in a mole bath is my special dinner treat .
Then flan ! a caramel custard that 's silky smooth and sweet .
Stir a cup of cold horchata with a stick of cinnamon spice . ¡ Adiós ! my green amigo - I ca n't eat another bite .

Let 's race !
Lap one ! Checkered flag . Seatbelt strapped ! Helmet snapped ! Screeching down the lane ! Va - va - vroom !
Lap two ! Crouch down low . Give it gas . Try to pass , zooming for the lead ! Va - va - vroom !
Va - va - vroom !
Lap three ! Clutch the wheel , knuckles white . Swerve to right ! Missing that big smash !
Lap four ! Hard to steer . Tire squeals ! Spinning wheels ! Flipping ! Twisting ! Land !
Va - va - vroom !
Lap five ! Round - the - loop , slpash through mud . Pop ! Thud - thud . Limping to the pit . Va - va - vroom !
Lap six ! Fill ' er up . Engines whir . Crowd 's a blur . Racing off again !
Va - va - vroom !
Lap seven ! Speed it up . Swooshing flags , tailpipe drags , sparking past the crowd ! Va - va - vroom !
Lap eight ! Catch some air - off the ground . Spin around , twirling off the track .
Va - va - vroom !
Lap nine ! Foot to floor ! Faster ! Fast ! Squeezing past ! Tipping on two wheels !
Va - va - vroom !
Lap ten ! Hear the crowd cheer and clap . Final lap ! Blasting past the line .
Va - va - vroom !
Slow it down . Great big grin . Friends rush in . Waving from up high . Ba - ba - boom !
Ba - ba - boom ! Grape snow cones ! Kettle corn ! Sound the horn ! Showing off the prize !
Celebrate ! Stand up proud . Cheer out loud . Revving up again !
Va - va - vroom !

Ten hooting owls lounging in the sun . Ten hooting owls lounging in the sun .
And if one hooting owl should go off for a run . There 'll be nine hooting owls lounging in the sun .
Nine hooting owls dressing in disguise . Nine hooting owls dressing in disguise . And if one hooting owl meets some more magpies . There 'll b eight hooting owls dressing in disguise .
Eight hooting owls watching a movie . Eight hooting owls watching a movie . And if one hooting owl should slurp a smoothie . There 'll be seven hooting owls watching a movie .
Seven hooting owls skating on a ramp . Seven hooting owls skating on a ramp .
And if one hooting owl should become   skating champ . There 'll be six hooting owls skating on a ramp .
Six hooting owls knitting winter socks . Six hooting owls knitting winter socks .
And if one hooting owl catches chicken pox . There 'll be five hooting owls knitting winter socks .
Five hooting owls having quite a scrub . Five hooting owls having quite a scrub .
And if one hooting owl should fall out of the tub . There 'll be four hooting owls having quite a scrub .
Four hooting owls playing I spy . Four hooting owls playing I spy .
And if one hooting owl gets something in his eye . There 'll be three hooting owls playing I spy .
Three hooting owls delivering the mail . Three hooting owls delivering the mail .
And if one hooting owl heads down the wrong trail . There 'll be two hooting owls delivering the mail .
Two hooting owls dancing to hip hop . Two hooting owls dancing to hip hop .
And if one hooting owl should drop down in a flop . There 'll be one hooting owl dancing to hip hop .
One hooting owl inside the toy chest . One hooting owl inside the toy chest .
And if that hooting owl should go back to the nest . There 'll be no hooting owls inside the toy chest .
Ten hooting owls looking at the stars . Ten hooting owls looking at the stars . And if all those hooting owl can hear the soft guitars . There 'll be ten hooting owls looking at the stars .

10 Little hermit crabs scuttle down to the beach . down swoops a seagull . Screech ! Screech ! Screech !
Hush says the seashore . shh , says the sea . How many hermit crabs will there be ?
9 Little hermit crabs scurry with speed . one gets tangled in a pile of seaweed .
Hush , says the seashore . shh says the sea . How many hermit crabs will there be ?
8 Little hermit crabs share a shady spot . One crab 's trapped in a crayfish pot .
Hush says the seashore . Shh , says the sea . How many hermit crabs will there be ?
7 Little hermit crabs snaffle six new shells . One poor crab has nowhere to dwell .
Hush says the seashore . Shh , says the sea . How many hermit crabs will there be ?
6 little hermit crabs scamper in a throng . One stops to listen to   dolphins song .
Hush says the seashore . Shh , says the sea . How many hermit crabs will there be ?
5 little hermit crabs burrow underground . One crab 's buried by a big sandy mound .
Hush says the seashore . Shh , says the sea . How many hermit crabs will there be ?
4 little hermit crabs sprint along the sand . one;s picked up by a child 's small hand .
Hush says the seashore . Shh , says the sea . How many hermit crabs will there be ?
3 little hermit crabs frolic and paddle . One mets a shark , and the other two saddle !
Hush says the seashore . Shh , says the sea . How many hermit crabs will there be ?
2 little hermit crabs scramble , claw , and climb . On gets hooked on a fishermans line .
Hush says the seashore . Shh , says the sea . How many hermit crabs will there be ?
1 little hermit crab alone on the pier ...
9 little hermit crabs shout , " We 're over here ! "
Hush says the seashore . Shh , says the sea . How many hermit crabs will there be ?
10 little hermit crabs waving at me .

One little hot dog sitting on a chair
" I want a friend to sit with me ! "
Two little hot dogs sitting on a chair ...
" There 's more room on the pillow ! "
Three little hot dogs sitting on a chair ...
" We want a bone to chew ! "
Four little hot dogs wagging on a chair ...
" Let 's play catch ! "
Five little hot dogs playing on a chair ...
" We want a sock to tug ! "
Six little hot dogs bouncing on a chair ...
" How about a shoe ? "
Seven little hot dogs tumbling on a chair ...
" Now we need a hat ! "
Eight little hot dogs jumping on a chair ...
" Do n't forget the blanket ! "
Nine little hot dogs scattered on a chair ...
" We need one more dog for the dog pile ! Whew , we 're tired . " Ten little hot dogs all fast asleep . Shhhhh ...
Uh - oh ...
Nine little hot dogs still fast asleep . Shhhhh
Eight little hot dogs still fast asleep . Shhhhh ...
Seven little hot dogs still fast asleep . Shhhhh ...
Six little hot dogs still fast asleep . Shhhhh
Five little hot dogs still fast asleep . Shhhhh ...
Four little hot dogs still fast asleep . Shhhhh
Three little hot dogs still fast asleep . Shhhhh ...
Two little hot dogs still fast asleep . Shhhhh ...
One little hot dog wide awake . " Hey , you little hot dogs wake up and play ! "

Ten turkeys blocked the road one hot and hazy day . A pickup screeched . A farmer beeped . One turkey flew away .
Nine turkeys in the road caused a long delay . The farmer frowned and flashed his lights . One turkey flew away .
EIght turkeys in the road , each holding out a tray . The farmer inched his truck ahead . One turkey flew away .
Seven turkeys in the road with cans of string to spray . The farmer shook his fist and yelled . One turkey flew away .
Six turkeys in the road climbed high to swing and sway . The farmer banged and clanged his tools . One turkey flew away .
Five turkeys in the road declared , " We 're here to stay ! " The farmer threw his old straw hat . One turkey flew away .
Four turkeys in the road shared a big bouquet . The farmer opened up his door . One turkey flew away .
Three turkeys in the road juggled bales of hay . The farmer jumped and pulled his hair . One turkey flew away .
Two turkeys in the road squawked , " Hip , hip , hooray ! " The farmer pounded on his hood . One turkey flew away .
One turkey in the road announced , " We 've got to go ! "
The turkeys snuck into the truck and called , " Come see the show ! "
One farmer in the road hung his head and signed . A car drove up . The driver asked …  " Hey , pal , ya need a ride ? "
The tired farmer huffed and puffed , then squeezed into the car . The driver squealed , " Away we go ! The circus is n't far ! "

Once there were ten Dalmatian puppies . Pongo was their father . Perdy was their mother . They all lived in a house in the city with two very nice people .
One day the puppies went for a walk . A woman names Cruella was going by in her car . Cruella was a dog thief .
As soon as she saw the puppies , she stopped to count them . " TEN ! " she cried . " Ten Dalmatian Puppies ! I must have them . "
Two men worked for Cruella . Their names were Horace and Jasper . Horace was short , fat , and dumb . Jasper was tall , thin , and dumb . " I want those puppies , " she told them . " Get them—TONIGHT ! "
That night Jasper and Horace sneaked into the house where the Dalmatians lived . Everyone was asleep . They put the puppies in a big , black bag . Then they climbed out the window . The puppies began to bark inside the bag .
Pongo and Perdy woke up . The basket was empty ! The puppies were gone ! " Where are the puppies ? " cried Perdy . " I do n't know , " said Pongo .
Then Pongo had an idea . " We will send a message to mall the dogs in the city , " he said . "Maybe someone has seen our puppies . "
So Pongo sent a message . The message went from dog to dog . " A howl , a growl , a yip , a yelp ! Dalmation puppies need your help . A bark a woof , a long bow - wow ! Find our puppies . Find them now . " Soon all the dogs in the city were barking .
In an old barn near the city there lived a horse named Captain , a dog named Colonel , and a cat named Sergenat Tibbs . That night they heard barking . It was coming from the city . " It 's a message , " said the Colonel . " Someone is looking for Dalmatian puppies . " " None here , sir ! " said Tibbs .
Then they heard more barking . It was coming from a house down the road . " Sounds like puppies ! " said the Colonel . " I believe you 're right sir ! " said Tibbs .
" Then we must go and see if they are the Dalmatian puppies , " said the Colonel . " Why do we have ti do that ? " asked the Captain . " Because of the message , " said Tibbs .
They marched down the road and up to the old house . The barking got louder and louder .
" How odd ! " said the Colonel . " There is a light in one window . " " Why is that so odd ? " asked the Captain . " Because no one lives here , " said Tibbs .
They went to the window and peaked in . The room was filled with Dalmatian puppies ! A man was holding a big black bag . It was filled with ten more Dalmatian puppies .
A woman in a fur coat was saying : " Now i have ninety - nine Dalmatian puppies . Tomorrow I will sell all of them to the circus and the three of us will be rich ! "
The three animals races back to the barn . Then the Colonel sent a message . " Calling all dogs
At least the message came to Pongo and Perdy . " The puppies have been found ! " cried Pongo . " We must go and save them . " And they jumped out the window .
Pongo and Perdy ran through the city .    The city dogs met them along the way .    They told Pongo and Perdy how to get to the old barn .
When the Colonel saw them coming , he called , " Are you looking for the Dalmatian puppies ? " " Yes , " they called back .
" Then follow us , " said the Colonel .    " They are in an old house down the road . "    So Pongo and Perdy followed the Colonel , the Captain , and Sergeant Tibbs .
Pongo and Perdy went into the old house .    They saw two men with their puppies .    The two men saw them .    " Well , look who 's here ! " said Jasper .    " Two big ones !    We 'll take care of them , wo n't we ? "
Pongo growled and leaped at Jasper .    He bit into Jasper 's jacket and pulled it over Jasper 's head .    Jasper could not see where he was going .
Next Tibbs leaped up into the air .    " MEOW ! ! ! " screeched Tibbs .    He landed on Horace 's head .    Horace was too scared to do anything .
Then Perdy pulled the rug right out from under the two men .    Jasper and Horace crashed to the floor .    They were too surprised to move .    " That takes care of THEM , " said Perdy .    " Now - where are our puppies ? "
" Here we are ! " called one puppy .    " All ninety - nine of us ! "    " Ninety - nine puppies ! " cried Pongo .
" Look , Mom ! " said one of the puppies .    She was rolling in a pile of soot .    " This is not time to play ! " said Perdy .    " We have to think of a way to get out . "    Then Perdy thought of a way to get out .    She told ALL the puppies to roll in the soot .
Soon they were all covered with soot .    Pongo and Perdy led the puppies outside .    They went right past Cruella .    Cruella paid no attention to them .    She was looking for whit puppies with black spots - not gray puppies !
They got into a truck that was parked outside .
Just as the last puppy was getting in , Cruella cried , " EEEK ! "    Half of the puppy was gray .    But half of the puppy was white with black spots .
Just then the truck drove away .    " STOP !    STOP ! " shouted Cruella .    " Come back with my puppies ! "    But the truck driver did not hear her .    He was on his way to the city .    And that is how the Dalmatians got home .
The two nice people who lived in the house were happy to see them .    They were also a bit surprised .    Their family had grown .
Now there were Pongo and Perdy and ninety - nine puppies .    One hundred and one Dalmatians in all !    It was a good thing they were two very NICE people .

Camilla cream loved lima beans . But she never ate them . All her friends hated lima beans , and she wanted to fit in . Camilla was always worried about what other people thought of her . Today she was fretting even more than usual . It was the first day of school , and she could n't decide what to wear . There were so many people to impress ! She tried on forty - two outfits , but none seemed quite right . She put on a pretty red dress and looked in the mirror . Then she screamed .
Her mother ran into the room , and she screamed , too . " Oh my heavens ! She cried . " You 're completely covered with stripes ! " This was certainly true . Camilla was striped from head to toe . She looked like a rainbow . Mrs. Cream felt Camilla 's forehead . " Do you feel all right ? " she asked . " I feel fine , " Camilla answered , " but just look at me ! " " You get back in bed this instant , " her mother ordered you 're not going to school today . " Camilla was relieved . She did n't want to miss the first day of school , but she was afraid of what the other kids would say . And she had no idea what to wear with those crazy stripes .
That afternoon , Dr. Bumble came to examine Camilla . " most extraordinary ! " he exclaimed . " I 've never seen anything like it . Are you having any coughing , sneezing , runny nose , aches , pains , chills , hot flashes , dizziness , drowsiness , shortness of breath , or uncontrollable twitching ? " No , " Camilla told him . " I feel fine . " " Well then , " Dr. Brumble said , turning to Mrs. Cream , " I do n't see any reason why she should n't goto school tomorrow . Here 's some ointment that should clear up those stripes in a few days . If it does n't , you know where to reach me . " And off he went .
The next day was a disaster . Everyone at school laughed at Camilla . They called her " Camilla Crayon , " and " Night of the Living Lollipop . " She tried her best to act as if everything was normal , but when class said the Pledge of Allegiance , her stripes turned red white and blue , and broke out in stars !
The other kids thought this was great . One yelled out,"Let 's see some purple polka dots ! " Sure enough , Camilla turned all purple polka - dotty . Someone else shouted , " Checkerboard ! " and a pattern of squares covered her skin . Soon everyone was calling out different shapes and colors , and poor Camilla was changing faster than you can change channels on a T.V.
That night , Mr. Harms , the school principal , called . " I 'm sorry , Mrs. Cream , " he said . " I 'm going to have to ask you to keep Camilla home from school . She 's just too much of a distraction and I 've been getting calls from the other parents . They 're afraid those stripes may be contagious . " Camilla was so embarrassed . She could n't believe that two days ago everyone liked her . Now , nobody wanted to be in the same room with her . Her father tried to make her feel better . " Is there anything I can get you , sweetheart ? " he asked . " No , thank you , " sighed Camilla . What she really wanted was a nice plate of lima beans , but she had been laughed at enough for one day .
" Hmm , well , yes , I see , " Dr. Brumble mumbled when Mr. Cream phoned the next day . " I think I 'd better bring in the Specialists . We'll be right over . " About an hour later , Dr. Brumble arrived with four people in long white coats . He introduced them to the Creams . " This is Dr. Grop , Dr. Sponge , Dr. Cricket , and Dr. Young . " Then the specialists went to work on Camilla . They squeezed and jabbed , tapped and tested . It was very uncomfortable . " Well , it 's not the mumps , " concluded Dr. Grop . " Or the measles , " said Dr. Sponge . " Definitely not chicken pox , " put in Dr. Cricket . " Or sunburn , " said Dr. Young . " Try these , " said the specialists . They each handed her a bottle filled with different colored pills . " take one of each before bed , " said Dr. Grop . Then they fed out the front door , followed by Dr. Brumble .
That night , Camilla took her medicine . It was awful . When she woke up the next morning , she did feel different , but when she looked in the mirror , and there , staring back at her , was a giant , multi - colored pill with her face on it .
Dr. Brumble rushed over as soon as Mr.s Cream called . But this time , instead of the Specialists , he brought the experts . Dr. Gourd and Mr. Mellon were the finest scientific minds in the land . Once again , Camilla was poked and prodded , looked at and listened to . The experts wrote down lots of numbers . Then they huddled together and whispered . Dr. Gourd finally spoke . " It might be a virus , " he announced with authority . Suddenly , fuzzy little virus balls appeared all over camilla . " Or possibly some form of bacteria , " said Mr. Mellon . Out popped squiggly little bacteria tails . " or it could be a fungus , " added Dr. GOurd . Instantly , Camilla was covered with different colored fungus blotches . The experts looked at Camilla , then at each other . " We need to go over these numbers again back at the lab , " Dr. Gourd explained . " We 'll cal you when we know something " But the experts did n't have a clue , much less a cure .
By now , the T.V. news had found out about Camilla . Reporters from every channel were outside her house telling the story of " The Bizarre Case of the Incredible Changing Kid . " Soon a huge crowd was camped out on the front lawn .
The Creams were swamped with all kinds of remedies from psychologists , allergists , herbalists , nutritionists , psychics , and old medicine man , a guru , and even a veterinarian . Each so - called cure only added to poor Camilla 's strange appearance until it was hard to even recognize her . She sprouted roots and berries and crystals and feathers and a long furry tail . But nothing worked .
One day , a woman who called herself an Environmental Therapist claimed she could cure Camilla . " Close your eyes and become one with your room . " " I wish you had n't said that , " Camilla groaned . Slowly , she started to melt into the walls of her room . Her bed became her mouth , her nose was a dresser , and two paintings on the wall were her eyes . The therapist screamed and ran from the house . " What are we going to do ? " cried Mrs. Cream . " It just keeps getting worse and worse!She began to sob .
At that moment , Mr. Cream heard a quiet little knock at the front door . He opened it , and there stood an old woman who was just as plump and sweet as a strawberry . " Excuse me , " she said brightly . " But I think I can help . "
She went into Camilla 's room and looked around . " My goodness , " she said with a shake of her head . " What we have here is a bad case of stripes . One of the worst I 've ever seen ! " She pulled a container of small green beans from her bag . " Here , " she said . " These might do the trick . " " Are those magic beans ? " asked Mrs. Cream . " Oh my , no , " replied the kind old woman . " There 's no such thing . These are just plain old lima beans . I 'll bet you 'd like some , would n't you ? " she asked Camilla . Camilla wanted a big , heaping plate of lima beans more than just about anything , but she was still afraid to admit it . " Yuck ! " she said . " No one likes lima beans , especially me ! " " Oh , dear , " the old woman said sadly . " I guess I was wrong about you . " She put the beans back in her bag and started toward the door . Camilla watched the old woman walk away . Those beans would taste so good . And being laughed at for eating them was nothing compared to what she 'd been going through . She finally could n't stand it . " Wait ! " she cried . " The truth is …  I really love lima beans . " " I thought so , " the old woman said with a smile . She took a handful of beans and popped them into Camilla 's mouth . " Mmmm , " said Camilla .
Suddenly the branch , feathers , and squiggly tails began to disappear . Then the whole room swirled around . When it stopped , there stood Camilla , and everything was back to normal . " I 'm cured ! " she shouted . " Yes , " said the old woman . " I knew the real you was in there somewhere . " She patted Camilla on the head . Then she went outside and vanished into the crowd .
Afterward , Camilla was n't quite the same . Some of the kids at school said she was weird , but she did n't care a bit . She ate all the lima beans she wanted , and she never had even a touch of stripes again .

A big guy took my ball !
Gerald !
I found a big ball ,
and it was so fun !
And then a big guy came--
and-- and-- and--
and
HE TOOK MY BALL !
I am so upset .
That is not good .
That is not right !
big guys have all the fun !
What about the little guys ? ! ? !
What makes those big guys think they are so big ? !
Their size ?
Well I am big too !
I will get your big ball from that big guy !
My hero !
Here i go !
Let 's see how big this " big guy " is !
Did you get my ball back ?
That is a BIG guy .
You did not say how big he was .
He is very BIG .
He is bigger than I am .
Much bigger !
I am smaller than he is .
Much smaller .
He is so BIGGY - BIG - BIG--
Gerald .
You did not get my big ball back , did you .
...
I did not .
and EXCUSE ME !
Thank you for finding my little ball .
That is your ball ?
And you think it is little ?
Well , I am BIG .
So big that no one will play with me .
Little guys have all the fun .
Um .. Big guy !
Would you like to play " Whale Ball " with us ?
What is " Whale Ball " ?
We do not know !
We have not made it up yet !
With a little help ,
we can all have
Big fun !

October
17 COW 'S BIRTHDAY
Toot !
Today is Cow 's birthday ... Yippee !
Pig and Mouse are going to make cow the best birthday cake EVER !
Cake ? !
recipe
They put flour and sugar and eggs in a big bowl .
And a TURNIP ?
No , Duck . We will not put in a TURNIP .
Next they mix it all together with ...
A TURNIP ! No , Duck . A SPOON .
They put it in the oven . Can a TURNIP go in , too ?
And they ice and decorate the cake , and on top they put ... I KNOW !
No TURNIPS , Duck ! CANDLES ! ! !
LOOK ! Here comes cow now !
Happy Birthday , COW !
Is that what I think it is ? Oh boy , this is the best birthday EVER ...
A TURNIP !
Mmmm .
Good cake .
Burp !
Sometimes I brush my teeth using a turnip .
Really ? Me , too !

Father Cat wants to take Huckle , Sally , and Lowly out sailing this afternoon . Plink ! Plop ! Plink ! Uh - Oh , Father Cat , it 's starting to rain . " I guess that s the end of our sailing today ! " says Father Cat .
He puts the top up on the car . " There 's nothing to do but go back home . " What a disappointment .
Father Cat stops at Scotty 's Filling station for gasoline . " Fill ' er up , please , Scotty ! " Father Cat says . Just then , Rudolf Von Flugel drives up in his airplane - car . " Good - afternoon , Father Cat ! " says Rudolph . " Are you going sailing ? "
" No we 're going home , Rudolf , " Father Cat says sadly . " The children will have to play inside today . " " Hmm " says Rudolph . " Why do n't they come with me ? I 'm going to the airport . There 's lots to see their , even when it rains ! " " Wow ! Can we , Dad ? . " Huckle asks . Father Cat thinks it is a great idea . He helps the children in Rudolf 's airplane - car . " Do n't worry , Father Cat . I 'll bring the children home dry as baked apple strudel ! " says Rudolf . And off they go ! Brruumm !
They arrive at the airport in no time .
radar
runway
pier
catering truck
control tower
snowplow
catering kitchen
airport bus
My , what a busy place it is !
wind sock
runway lights
a tractor towing a plane
hangar
restaurant
departure terminal
parking garage
arrivals
taxis
arrivals
departures
" Here we are ! " Rudolf says , driving into the departure terminal .
check - in counters
conveyor belt
scale
luggage cart
To Paris
To New York
To Venice
" These are the check - in counters . Passengers show their tickets here , and also have their baggage weighed and tagged with its destination , " Rudolf explains . " Each passenger receives a boarding pass to enter the plane at the gate . "
luggage tag
lots of luggage
porter
boarding pass
check - in hostess
ticket
Closed
To WorkVille
To the Gates
Mind your head !
Departures
Time Gate
Paris 3:30 2
Workville 4:00 1
Venice 4:02 3
New York 5:15 1
London 5:30 3
Tokyo 6:00 2
" The airport terminal is like a small Busytown , " says Rudolf . " There are shops that sell books , toys , and flowers . And there 's a police station , a post office , and a first - aid center , too ! " " Is there a bathroom , Mr. Von Flugel ? " Sally asks .
Bookshop
Post Office
Toilets
While they wait for Sally , Lowly asks if there is also a restaurant at the airport . " Travel always makes me thirsty ! " he laughs . As soon as Sally returns , Rudolf drives up the escalator to the restaurant .
Bananas
Chapel
Watches
Toys
Flowers
restaurant
catering truck
boarding gate WORKVILLE
passenger bus
kerosene fuel is pumped into tanks in the wings
baggage train
hose
fire extinguisher
cleaning truck
paper to recycle
bottles to recycle
" Wow ! What a view ! " exclaims Huckle .
electric generator
passenger bus
plane positioner
pier
waiting room
catering truck delivering meals
pilot and copilot
door
fuselage
cleaners cleaning the inside of the plane
tail
wing
baggage compartment
jet engine
baggage handler
baggage loader
flight crew arriving
ramp agent
Rudolf drives over to the control tower . Please take care driving up the stairs , Rudolf .
tractor
catering kitchen preparing meals
searchlight
radio antenna
runway
binoculars
ground controller
a taxiing plane heading for the runway
follow - me car guiding landed airplanes
FOLLOW ME
a pilot studying the weather
weatherman
in winter , snowplows clear the runways and taxiways
" From up here , each plane receives instructions by radio - where to park and when to take off and land , " Rudolf explains . " At night and in the fog , you can still see every plane on this radar screen . "
radar antenna
radar screen
DON'T STEP ON THE GRASS .
" Busy Air Flight One , you 're clear for takeoff , " says the ground controller into the microphone . The big plane races down the runway and soars into the sky . Whooosh ! " Mr. Von . Flugel , " says Sally , " you know so much . Can you tell me what that funny - looking thing over there is ? "
wind sock showing the wind 's direction
ground controller
Hey ! No running on the runway !
" Ach ! I almost forgot ! " cries Rudolf . Her drives across the runway , past a cargo plane being loaded with freight containers .
cargo plane
Just a little to the right !
" These are the hangars , Sally , " says Rudolf . " Inside , airplanes are parked and repaired . " " Thank you , Mr. Von Flugel , " Sally replies . " But what 's that ! ? " she asks , pointing .
airplane hangars
luggage trolleys
freight containers
" Ach ! This is my Bratwurst Balloon ! " Rudolf says . " Quick ! Hop in before you get wet ! "
" Wow ! "
" Look out , everyone ! " calls the ground controller . " Here comes the Bratwurst Balloon ! "
Soon they are high in the sky . " Look ! There 's our house ! " says Huckle . " Mom ! Dad ! Look up ! " he calls . No , look out , Rudolf ! Your Bratwurst Balloon is about to burst .
Bump ! They all land safely on Huckle 's front lawn . " Well , Rudolf , that was a perfect landing , " says Father Cat . " Thank you , Mr. Von Flugel ! " say Huckle , Sally , and Lowly . " This has been the best afternoon ever ! "

We are firefighters . We work at the fire station .
The bell is ringing . There 's a fire somewhere ! Hurry , it is time to go !
I wear a black coat with yellow stripes . I put on a helmet .
I open the door to the fire engine . I climb into the front seat .
The fire engine races down the road . The red lights flash . The siren warns cars to move out of the way .
The building is on fire ! There is a lot of smoke .
I climb the ladder . I carry a hose . I use the hose to spray water on the fire .
Now the fire is out . We worked very hard . We are tired . We are also happy .
We like helping people . We like being firefighter .

I sat by the lake . I looked at the sky . And as I looked . A fly went by .
A fly went by . He said , " Oh , dear ! " I saw him shake . He shook with fear .
And when I saw that fly go past , I asked him why he went to fast . I asked him why he shook with fear . I asked him why he said , " Oh , dear ! " He said , " I MUST GET OUT OF HERE ! "
The fly said , " LOOK ! And you will see ! That frog ! That frog is after me ! "
The fly went past ! The frog came ... FAST !
I asked the frog . I asked him , " Why--- ? WHY DO YOU WANT TO GET THAT FLY ? "
The frog said , " Me ? I want no fly . But I must hop , And this is why ... "
" That cat ! " he said , " just look and see ! That cat , " he said , " is after me ! "
The he was gone with one big hip . The cat ran up , and I said " STOP ! Now , stop ! Stop ! Stop ! " I told the cat . " Do not pick on the frog like that ! "
The cat said , " Look , I want no frog , I have to get away from
" DOG ! ! "
So ... The fly ran away in fear of the frog , who ran from the cat , who ran from the dog .
One ran from the other . The other ran , too . From one who came after . Now what could I do ?
Away past the lake went the fly and the frog . Away past the lake ran the cat and the dog .
They went past a shed , and they went up a hill . I ran ! And I said . " I will stop them , I will ! The fly does not know that the frog is not mad . The frog does not know that the cat is not bad . The cat runs in fear of the dog , I can tell . If I can stop HIM , then all will be well ! "
I rant a lot . I ran so fast . I came up to the dog at last . " Now , stop ! " I said . " You are the one who did all this ! Why do you run ? Why do you want to bite that one ? Oh , you are bad to be like that ! "
The dog said , " No ! That is not so ! I want no cat . The cat can go . I do not want to bite the cat ! I run to get away from THAT ! "
" THAT PIG ! ! "
" That pig ! " he said . " Look back and see ! SHE like to bite . And she wants ME . "
SO ... The fly ran away in fear of the frog , who ran from the cat , who ran from the dog .
The dog ran away . I fear of the pig . My , she was mad ! And WAS she big ! !
I said to the pig . " So , YOU are the one in back of all this ! Now , why do you run ? Now , why should a pig bite a dog ? " I said . " And why are   you mad ? Are you out of your head ? "
The pig said , " I am not out of my head ! See what is after me ! Look ! " she said .
The cow will hit me , " said the pig . " Those things up on her head are big ! " So the pig ran past . She ran past ... FAST ! Then the cow ran up , and a little cow too . I said , " Now what got into you ? Do not pick on the pig , you two ! "
The cow said , " Pig ? The pig can go ! That is not why we run - oh , no ! But some one bad has made up run ! He wants to kill my Little One ! "
I asked the cow , " Who wants to kill your little one ? Why , no one will ! "
The cow said , " Look ! Up on the hill ! The fox is there ! He comes to kill ! The cow and little cow ran past . All full of fear they ran past ... FAST !
So ... The fly ran away in fear of the frog , who ran from the cat , who ran from the dog . The dog ran away from the pig - and now the pig ran away in fear of the cow !
They came to the woods , and there was a tent . But they did not stop ! In and out they all went ! And last came the fox , so HE was the one who made the all fear , and made they all run ! Yes , he was the one who was bad , I could tell . If I could stop HIM then all would be well !
I told the fox , " Oh , shame on you ! Oh , shame , shame , shame for what you do ! You want to kill the little cow ! You stop , or I will whip you - NOW ! "
The fox said , " Now what did I do ? " Why do you say , " Oh , shame on you ? I tell you I would never kill that little cow ! I never will ! "
The fox said , " This is why I ran - back in the woods I saw a man ! I saw and man ! He had a gun ! He wants to get me ! Let me run ! "
So ... The fly ran away in fear of the frog , who ran from the cat , who ran from the dog . The dog and the pig and the cows - they all ran ! And then came the fox , who ran from the man !
They came to a house and went down the hall . And when they went out , there was a big wall . But that did not stop them . Oh , no - not at all !
They ran and they ran . They cam to a town . They went up one way , and they went down . They went up one way , and then down another . They ran and they ran , One after the other .
They came to a bank , but they did not stop . They went in the bank with a jump and a hop ! With a jump and a hop they ran in - and then they went out the back way , and ran on again !
I ran as fast as I could run . I told the man , " YOU are the one in back of this ! You are the one who wants the fox ! Put down your gun ! "
" Fox ? Fox ? " the man said , " No ! I saw no fox , but I must go ! For you should see . Yes , you should see the thing that now is after ME ! "
" I sis not see it , " said the man . " I tool my gun and then I ran . For I could hear it bump and thump it was so bad it made me jump ! It was so bad it made me fear ! I was so big ! It was so near ! It must be ten feet tall ! " he said , " And big and fat and bad and red ! Why , it can bite and kick and kill ! And it will do it ! Yes , it will ! I hear in now ! COme on , I say ! For I must run and get away ! "
The man ran past . Fast ... Fast ... FAST ! What did I hear ? A bump and thump ! It was so bad it made me jump ! I was about to run away , but then I saw the thing - and , SAY ! It was not tall ! It was not mad ! It was not big ! It was not bad ! Was THIS the thing that made them run , and made them fear ? Was THIS the one ?
It was a little sheep ! So tame ! It came to me , and it was lame ! I saw what made the bump and thump , I saw the thing that made me jump . The sheep said , " Look at this tin can ! I can no get it off ! I ran ! I ran for help ! I saw a man , I went to him , but then HE ran ! Why did he run away from me ? I just want help , as you can see . "
I said , " I will get help for you ! And I can help the others too ! For now I know just what to do ! "
" Oh , man ! " I called , " Come back ! Come here ! This is a sheep , so have no fear ! The sheep wants help , for it is lame . Come back ! Come here ! " And then he came !
But still the others ran and ran . They did no know about the can . I had to call so they would hear . I had to call to tell them not to fear . I had to tell them all was well . And so I gave a great big yell
" STOP ! "
I said to them all , " You must not run away ! No one is after you ! No one , I say ! You all ran away - and now I know why . I sat by the lake , and there cam a fly .
The fly ran away in fear of the frog , who ran from the cat , who ran from the dog . The dog ran away in fear of the pig , who ran from the cow , she was so big ! The cow ran away from the fox , who ran as fast as he could in fear of the man . That man heard a thump , and away he ran ! It was just a sheep with an old tin can ! "
I looked at them all , and then I could tell . They had no fear , and now all was well .
They all went away , they all waved good by . SO ...
I sat by the lake and looked at the sky

The tadpole
grows
and grows
and grows
and grows
and grows
into a frog !

10 little neighbors to trim their tree . They’ll dress for the occasion .
Turn the page and see !
1 Shiny golden star at the very tip - top .
2 strings of flashing lights that just won’t stop .
3 little angels with halos and with wings .
4 Santa’s elves making toys that he brings .
5 swift reindeer—they know hot to fly .
6 lacy snowflakes that fall from the sky .
7 jolly men all made of snow .
8 candy canes—no eating them , though !
9 menorah candles to mark the gift of light .
10 pretty presents to make our holiday bright .
10 trim - the - tree’ers now their job is done . It’s time to serenade their pets and everyone .
We wish merry Christmas We wish merry Christmas We wish merry Christmas And a happy New Year .
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10

" Time to move , " said Hermit Crab one day in January . " I 've grown too big for this little shell . " He had felt safe and snug in his shell . But now it was too snug . Hermit Crab stepped out of the shell and onto the floor of the ocean . But it was frightening out in the open sea without a shell to hide in . " What if a big fish comes along and attacks me ? " he thought . " I must find a new house soon . "
Early in February , Hermit Crab found just the house he was looking for . It was a big shell , and strong . He moved right in , wiggling and waggling about inside it to see how it felt . It felt just right . " But it looks so- well , so plain , " thought the Hermit Crab .
In March , Hermit Crab met some sea anemones . They swayed gently back and forth in the water . " How beautiful you are ! " said Hermit Crab . " Would one of you be willing to come and live on my house ? It is so plain , it needs you . " " I 'll come , " whispered a small sea anemone . Gently , Hermit Crab picked it up with his claw and put it on his shell .
In April , Hermit Crab passed a flock of starfish moving slowly along the sea floor . " How handsome you are ! " said Hermit Crab . " Would one of you be willing to decorate my house ? " " I would , " signaled a little sea star . Carefully , Hermit Crab picked it up with his claw and put it on his house .
In May , Hermit Crab discovered some coral . They were hard , and did n't move . " How pretty you are ! " said Hermit Crab . " Would one of you be willing to help make my house more beautiful ? "
" I would , " creaked a crusty coral . Gingerly , Hermit Crab picked it up with his claw and placed it on his shell .
In June , Hermit Crab came to a group of snails crawling over a rock on the ocean floor . They grazed as they went , picking up algae and bits of debris , and leaving a neat path behind them . " How tidy and hard - working you are ! " said Hermit Crab . " Would one of you be willing to come and help clean my house ? " " I would , " offered one of the snails . Happily , Hermit Crab picked it up with his claw and placed it on his shell .
In July , Hermit Crab came upon several sea urchins . They had sharp , prickly needles . " How fierce you look ! " said Hermit Crab . " Would one of you be willing to protect my house ? " " I would " answered a spiky sea urchin . Gratefully , Hermit Crab picked it up with his claw and placed it near his shell .
In August , Hermit Crab and his friends wandered into a forest of seaweed . " It 's so dark here , " thought Hermit Crab . " How dim it is , " murmured the sea anemone . " How gloomy it is , " whispered the starfish . " How murky it is , " complained the coral . " I ca n't see ! " said the snail . " It 's like nighttime ! " cried the sea urchin .
In September , Hermit Crab spotted a school of lanternfish darting through the dark water . " How bright you are ! " said Hermit Crab . " Would one of you be willing to light up out house ? " " I would , " replied one lanternfish . And it swam over near the shell .
In October , Hermit Crab approached a pile of smooth pebbles . " How sturdy you are ! " said Hermit Crab . " Would you mind if I re - arranged you ? " " Not at all , " answered the pebbles . Hermit Crab picked them up one by one with his claw and built a wall around his shell . " Now my house is perfect ! " cheered Hermit Crab .
But in November , Hermit Crab felt that his shell seemed a bit too small . Little by little , over the year , Hermit Crab had grown . Soon he would have to find another , bigger home . But he had come to love his friends , the lanternfish and even the smooth pebbles . " They have been so good to me , " thought Hermit Crab . " They are like a family . How can I ever leave them ? "
In December , a smaller hermit crab passed by . " I have outgrown my shell , " she said . " Would you know of a place for me ? " " I have outgrown my house , too , " answered Hermit Crab . " I must move on . You are welcome to live here- but you must promise to be good to my friends . " " I promise , " said the little crab .
The following January , Hermit Crab stepped out and the little crab moved in . " Could n't stay in that little shell forever , " said Hermit Crab as he waved goodbye . The ocean floor looked wider than he had remembered , but Hermit Crab was n't afraid . Soon he spied the perfect house- a big , empty shell . It looked , well , a little plain , but ...
" Sponges ! " he thought . " Barnacles ! Clown fish ! Sand dollars ! Electric eels ! Oh , there are so many possibilities ! I ca n't wait to get started ! "

Today 's the family potluck when we share our favorite foods . Mama makes gumbo . Shrimp and okra gently stew .
SSss PoP ! Daddy 's cooking . I hear the oil spatter . Crunchy hot fried chicken makes a tower on our platter .
Hushpuppies chase catfish .
Brother shells the butterbeans .
Here come Grandpa 's famous chitlins
and a pan of collard greens .
Sister stirs the sweet tea . She pours a cup for me .
Auntie 's yams with marshmallows smell warm and buttery .
I 'm ready for another scoop of homemade mac'n'cheese , a spoon of creamy cole slaw , and a square of cornbread , please .
' Nana pudding and peach cobbler from hand to hand are passed .
Uncle lifts me high and sings , " Sweet child , you grow so fast ! "
Grandma says , " SOUL is GOOD FOR YOU , JUST USE A LITTLE LARD . IT 'S OKAY IF WE GET MESSY WHEN WE'RE EATING IN THE YARD ! "

A bedtime in the burrow , Noah was squished and squashed by sleepy rabbits . ' Oh no , " he said . " Not again ! Move over , Ella . "
Ella squeezed over , folding her arms around Noah like he was her teddy bear . " Too hot ! " muttered Noah . " Too many rabbits ! " So out into the night he went .
" What are you doing out here , Smallest Bunny ? " asked Albatross , swooping down . " There 's no room , " snuffled Noah . " And Ella 's always squashing me . " " But she 's your favorite sister . " " It does n't keep her from squashing me , " said Noah .
To cheer him up , Albatross told Noah about the land of the North Star , where sky and snow went on forever . " No rabbits there , " said Noah , sighing . " I wish I could come with you to the frozen North . " " Hop on then , Smallest Bunny , " Albatross .
Noah squeaked as Albatross lifted into the air . Under the moon and over the wind she flew . As she soared high , high , higher , Noah held out his paws like wings . " I 'm flying ! " he cried . " Hold tight ! It 's the North Star ! " Albatross shouted .
From the North Star came a wild tornado of snow , and before Noah knew it , he had toppled into the storm ! Swept up by the wind , he tumbled and rolled …  down ...
and down …  to land -- puff!--in the snow .
Noah was all alone , and for a moment , he was afraid . Then he looked around at the empty white space and hopped with excitement . " No squish ! " he cried . " No squash ! "
Noah danced in the snow . He skated and slid and threw snowballs . But then -- whoosh!--he slipped into a hole and down an ice slide , going faster and faster until ...
Noah skidded to a stop . Oh no ! Rabbits everywhere ! As Noah opened his mouth to complain , the other rabbits did , too . But the only sound was Noah 's tiny squeak .
" Mirror rabbits ! " he gasped at his reflections in the ice .
Noah was in an ice cave , an ice hall , an ice palace ! It was as big as Big and as quiet as Quiet . And there was no one there but him .
In the mirror walls , Noah saw himself as a king , his fluff grand with ice crystals .
Noah made a cool , roomy snow - nest . " At last , no nest - sharings ! " he pronounced and lay royally down to sleep .
When Noah woke , his fluff was frozen and he was cold to the bone . Shivering in his lonely bed , he thought about his snuggly sister Ella , squeezed into their next with all the cozy night - snufflings of his family . Even Noah 's tears froze . How he longed to go home !
So out of the palace he fled , slipping and scrambling up the ice slide until he came out under the open sky where the stony moon shone . " Albatross ! " shouted Noah . " Where are you ? " There was no answer , only the empty creaking of the ice .
But then Noah heard a feathery whisper on the wind . He looked up and saw wide wings . It was Albatross ! " Smallest Bunny ! " she said , relieved . " I 've been looking for you everywhere ! "
She swung Noah onto her back , and gratefully he nestled into her warm down , thinking only of home .
Back in the nest , Ella rolled over . Noah was wonderfully squished and squashed . He was delightfully crumpled and crammed . He was Ella 's teddy bear again . Noah snuggled into her fluff and with a sigh , he fell happily asleep .

A golden carriage clattered through a quiet town and slowed outside the prince 's castle . The castle was aglow and full of music . For it was no ordinary night . It was the night of the prince 's royal ball . And inside the carriage was no ordinary passenger .
She was a kind and courageous young woman under her fairy godmother 's spell . She believed , especially on an evening like that one , that anything was possible . Meet Ella .
Though Ella had gotten to the prince 's castle in a golden carriage , her life was not so glamorous . In fact , her wicked stepfamily treated her like a servant . She did their dishes , washed their clothes , and slept by the fireplace . The ash that fell on her face prompted her jealous stepsisters to call her Cinderella .
Whenever Ella needed a break from her stepfamily , she rode her trusted horse through the beautiful forest . On one such ride , she saved a stag from a hunt and met a nice apprentice named Kit . The prince was hosting a grand ball for all the kingdom , and Ella hoped to see Kit there .
But on the night of the ball , Ella 's stepmother forbade her from attending . She did not want Ella to capture the prince 's attention . So the cruel woman and her daughters ripped up Ella 's dress and left her to cry in the ashes .
That very well could have been the end of Ella 's evening . But then an old beggar woman appeared at the house , asking for a bowl of milk , which Ella kindly gave her . The old woman was actually Ella 's fairy godmother . She had seen Ella 's kindness and courage . Now she would help Ella get to the ball !
With a wave of her wand , the Fairy Godmother turned a pumpkin into a golden carriage , four mice into horses , and two lizards into footmen . A squawking goose became a coachman .
Lastly , the Fairy Godmother transformed Ella 's rags into a sky - blue gown and created sparkling new glass slippers . Ella was absolutely beautiful .
There was just one catch : the Fairy Godmother 's spell would fade at midnight . But Ella did n't mind . She had thought she would n't be going at all . Now she would get to spend a few magical hours at the ball . Her heart fluttered with the hope that she would see Kit there .
Ella took a deep breath as she climbed the steps to the palace . When she entered the ballroom , there was a hush . She amazed every guest with her beauty . Seeing her in her gorgeous gown and sparkling jewels , they thought she was a mysterious princess .
Suddenly , Ella spotted Kit . And Kit spotted Ella . He made his way to her and asked her to dance . The two gazed into each other 's eyes . They danced . Ella thought everybody was staring at Kit . But Kit told Ella that everyone was looking at her , enchanted by her pure grace .
After their dance , Kit took Ella on a tour of the palace , Ella admitted she had come to the ball to see Kit . Kit admitted there was no apprentice , but the prince was himself , and he had hoped she would come .
Kit showed Ella his mother 's garden , a secret place he 'd never shown anyone . He pushed her on a swing . When one of her glass slippers flew off , Kit slid it back onto her foot . The two felt something for the very first time : perhaps it was love .
The palace clock began to strike . It would soon be midnight , and Ella would be back in her torn rags with only a pumpkin to get her home . She panicked , afraid to tell Kit she was actually a servant girl . So she bid him a hurried good - bye and ran out of the palace , the bells tolling behind her . One of her glass slippers slid off again , but she left it behind , hopping into her carriage .
Ella could hear hoofbeats behind her as the carriage 's walls started to turn orange . In a flash , Ella , wearing her tattered rags once more , found herself thrown onto the side of the road , a pumpkin , four mice , two lizards , and a goose nearby .
The king 's grand duke rode up to the scene . As Ella talked to the sneering man , her resolve grew . She would be brave and find a way to see Kit again . For she was more than a servant girl , more than Cinderella . She was Ella , a girl who stood up for what was right and believed there was power in courage and kindness - a girl who believed in happily ever after .
And a happy ending she had . For nothing , not her wicked stepmother 's trying to keep Ella locked away in the attic , nor the Grand Duke 's selfish schemes , could stop Kit and Ella from finding each other . As Kit gave the lost glass slipper to its owner , he and Ella vowed to be kind and courageous , together - united as king and queen . The end .

Hello .
Hello .
I like you .
I like you , too .
I am a dog .
Am I a dog ?
No . You are a cat .
Oh .
Can I be a dog ?
No .
Okay .
Let 's play .
Come . Now !
Good - bye , Dog .
Good - bye , Cat .
No playing with cats .
Why ?
Dogs do not like cats .
Why ?
Dogs bark at cats . Dogs chase cats .
But I like Cat .
Oh .
Hello .
Hello .
I like you .
I like you , too .
Will you be my friend ? I will !

" Tonight is Christmas Eve , " Louis told Lamb . " Santa is coming with his great big bag . There are more toys inside it than in my toy box . There are more toys than in a toy store ! "
Inside the bag , Lamb looked about in wonder . It was so big that Lamb could n't see the end . All he could see were toys . Balls bouncing ! Robots rumbling ! Helicopters hovering ! Trucks beeping ! Trains whistling !
A doll with brown eyes and brown hair said to Lamb , " I am a Look - Alike Doll ! " She sounded important , like Louis 's older sister . " I am a present for a girl , and I look just like her , " the doll told him . " Who do you look like ? " " I look like me , " said Lamb . " Are all of these toys presents ? " " Of course , " said the doll . " Whose present are you ? " Before Lamb could answer , a shout went up from the toys . " It 's time ! It 's time ! "
Santa 's hand reached into the bag and picked up a dump truck . " Good - bye ! " shouted the truck . " Good - bye ! " shouted the toys .
Santa 's hand reached in again and picked up the doll . " Good - bye ! " said the doll . " Good - bye ! " shouted the toys . " Where did they go ? " said a voice near Lamb .
Turning around , Lamb saw a toy backhoe . The backhoe looked nervous , the way Louis had on the first day of school . " That was Santa , " said Lamb . " Louis says he givees presents to children on Christmas Eve . " " I 'm supposed to be a present for a boy , " said the backhoe . " You will like that , " said Lamb . " Santa brought Louis a toy backhoe last year . It can dig up rocks and sand . " " I have never dug up rocks and sand before , " said the backhoe .
Lamb showed the backhoe how to use its bucket for digging and its shovel for pushing . " Sometimes Louis lets me ride in the shovel , " Lamb said . Lamb climbed in , and the backhoe took him on a ride through Santa 's bag .
Some of the toys they met did n't know what to expect when Santa delivered them . A jigsaw puzzle said , " I used to be a picture of a puppy . Now I 'm all broken into pieces . " Lamb said , " Do n't worry ! Someone will put you back together . That 's what Louis does with jigsaw puzzles . "
A train engine was having trouble pulling its cars along a wooden track . " I ca n't get them to follow me ! " it wailed . " That happens to Louis 's train engine sometimes , " said Lamb . " You are backward . You need to go to the other end of the cars . "
Lamb liked talking to the toys . He liked making them feel better . " Good - bye ! " he called as , one by one , they left the great big bag .
" Good - bye ! " called the backhoe , when it was its turn to go . " I hope my boy has a lamb just like you ! "
Now there were only two toys left in the great big bag : Lamb and a little bunny . The bunny 's eyes were squeezed shut . " What are you doing ? " asked Lamb . " Santa is giving me to a little girl , " said the bunny . " I am supposed to sleep with her every night . So I am practicing . " Lamb giggled . " You do n't need to practice going to sleep ! " " No ? " The bunny opened his eyes . " Louis and I just crawl under the covers and talk to each other until we fall asleep , " said Lamb . " It 's the easiest thing in the world . "
Then Santa took the bunny out of the bag , and Lamb was alone . He could n't help thinking of Louis . He wished he were home , under the covers with him . And them Lamb had a terrible thought : what if Santa mistook him for a present ? What if he gave him to somebody else ? Somebody who was n't Louis ! Oh , dear ! Here was Santa 's hand , coming to get him !
A moment later Lamb was out of the bag . The air was cold and Santa was looking down at him . " Why , Lamb , " said Santa . " What are you doing in my bag ? " " I wanted to see the toys ! " cried Lamb . " I 'm not a present ! I belong to Louis ! " " Well , I know that , " said Santa . " I brought you to Louis when he was only a baby . Do n't you remember ? " Lamb did not . " I suppose you were too young . Just a baby yourself . " " Please do n't give me to somebody else ! " said Lamb . " Now why would I do that ? " said Santa . " I am going to take you home to Louis ! "
And that is how Lamb came to sit beside Santa in his sleigh . There were stars above him . There were stars below him too . Santa said these stars were houses with lights .
One of those houses belonged to Louis , and Lamb thought he remembered , just a little , coming to that house a long time ago .
" Louis is n't very good at remembering things from when he was a baby either , " said Lamb as Santa tucked him into Louis 's stocking . " Do you think he will remember that this is where he found you the first time ? " asked Santa . " I will tell him , " said Lamb . " I will tell him all about your great big bag ! "
And on Christmas morning , that is exactly what Lamb did .

My Mom got sick this summer .
She does n't laugh the way she used to anymore .
I miss my mom .
She used to read to me and play games with me .
She would tell me stories and I would tell her jokes .
She 's in the hospital now .
When she sees me she smiles , but she tells me she 's never really comfortable .
So I made her a special pillow .
I think it makes her feel more comfortable .
When she puts her head on it , she says she thinks of me and smiles .
I have the pillow now .
I still miss my Mom , but when I miss her the most ...
I just put my head on the pillow and smile .

Late one summer afternoon Lisa and her mother took their laundry to the laundromat . Lisa carried along her toy bear , Corduroy .
The Laundromat was a very busy place at this hour .
" Now , Corduroy , you sit right here and wait for me , " Lisa said . " I 'm going to help with our wash . "
Corduroy waited patiently . Then he suddenly perked up his ears .
Lisa 's mother was saying , " Be sure to take everything out of your pockets , Lisa dear . You do n't want your precious things to get all wet and soapy . "
" Pockets ? " said Corduroy to himself . " I do n't have a pocket ! "
He slid off the chair . " I must go find something to make a pocket out of , " he said , and he began to look around .
First he came to a pile of fancy towels and washcloths , but nothing was the right size or color .
Then he saw a huge stack of colorful clothes in a laundry bag . " There ought to be something in there to make a pocket out of , " he said .
Without hesitating , he climbed inside the bag which was filled with pieces of wet laundry . The dampness did n't bother Corduroy in the least . " This must be a cave , " he said . " I 've always wanted to live in a dark , cool cave . "
Later , when Lisa looked for her bear , he was gone . " Oh , mommy ! she cried . " Corduroy is n't where I left him ! " " I 'm sorry , honey , " said her mother , " but the laundromat will be closing soon and we must be getting home . "
Lisa did not want to leave Corduroy , but her mother insisted . " You can come back tomorrow , " she said . " I 'm sure you will find him . "
As they left , a young man wearing an artist 's beret was taking his wet laundry out of a bag- the very bag Corduroy had discovered ! Before he knew it , Corduroy was being tossed , together with all the sheets , shirts , and slacks ...
inside the dryer ! But just as the artist was shutting the glass door , Corduroy tumbled out onto the floor . " How in thunder did that bear   ever get mixed up with all my things ? " the artist wondered .
Poor Corduroy was damp all over . " The least I can do for him is give his overalls a good drying , " said the man He unbuttoned Corduroy 's shoulder straps and put his overalls in the dryer .
Corduroy grew dizzy as he watched the clothes spinning around , but the artist became inspired . " This would make a wonderful painting , " he said as he took a sketch pad out of his pocket and began drawing the swirling colors . " I can hardly wait to get back to my studio . "
Finally the dryer stopped whirling and the an gathered up the clothes . Then he helped Corduroy put on his warm , dry overalls . All as once the manager of the laundromat called , " Closing time ! " Everybody out ! "
Corduroy was gently placed onto of a washing machine . " I wonder who that bear belongs to , " said the artist as he was leaving . " He should have his name someplace . He 's too fine fellow to be lost . "
As soon a the lights were turned off , Corduroy began his search again . He ws surprised to see something white glowing in the dark . " Maybe it 's snow ! " he said . " I 've always wanted to play in the snow . "
He accidentally tipped over the open - lidded box , and suddenly he was covered with soft , slippery soap flakes . Gradually Corduroy began to slip and slide … .
" Oh , what fun ! " he said with a smile . " I 've always wanted to ski down a steep mountainside . "
He landed paws first in an empty laundry basket . " This must be a cage , " he said , peeking through the bars . " I 've never wanted to live inside a cage like a bear in the zoo ! "
But by now Corduroy felt drowsy , and soon he nodded off to sleep .
Next morning when the manager came to open the laundromat , there was Lisa waiting . " I left something here yesterday , " she explained . " May I look around ? " " Certainly , " said the manager . " My customers are always leaving things . "
Lisa was searching under the chairs and in back of the washing machines where she heard the manager call her . " Is this what you 're looking for , senorita ? "
" Yes , yes ! He 's my best friends ! " shouted Lisa . She reached in and picked Corduroy out of the basket . " So this is where you 've been , you little rascal ! " she said . " It 's time I took you home ! "
Lisa thanked the manager and ran down the street , holding Corduroy tightly in her arms . " i though I told you to wait for me , " she said . " Why did you wander away ? " " I went looking for a pocket , " Corduroy said . " Oh , Corduroy ! Why did n't you tell me you wanted a pocket ? " asked Lisa
That very morning Lisa sewed a pocket on Corduroy 's overalls . " And here is a card I 've made with you name on if for you to keep tucked insider , " she said . " I 've always wanted a purple pocket with my name tucked inside , " said Corduroy as he and Lisa nuzzled noses .

Chester Raccoon sat in the hollow of a tree stump and pouted . "Please , can we give him back ? he asked his mother . " I 'll be really really good if we can give him back . "
Mr.s Raccoon smiled tenderly . " Your'e already really , really good , Chester . But I 'm afraid no matter how good you are we ca n't give him back . Besides , I thought you liked having a little brother . "
" I did like it , at first , " admitted Chester . "But now he plays with my toys , and swings on my swings , and reads my books . Then he pulls my tail and talks to my friends and follows me everywhere I go ! "
Mrs. Raccoon lifted Chester onto her lap and smoothed out his worried , furry forehead . " That 's what little brothers do , " she explained in a very motherly tone . " It 's no different than sharing the woods , or sharing the stream , or sharing the food we find . Ronny wants to be just like you . "
Mrs. Raccoon placed Chester on the ground and smiled at him with the soft , loving eyes he knew so well . " I think someone needs a Kissing Hand , " she said , in   a voice that was warm and inviting . She took Chester 's hand in her own and spread open his tiny fingers into a fan . Leaning over , she kissed him right in the middle of his palm . Chester felt the warmth of that kiss rush from his hand , up his arm , and into his heart . And when he pressed his hand to his cheek , he could hear his mother 's words in his head . " Mommy loves you , " they said . " Mommy loves you . "
Chester grinned so wide , the tips of his silky black mask crinkled upward . Even his cheeks flushed to a primrose pink . He was the happiest raccoon in the forest .
Then , in the blink of a moment , all the joy went out of the little raccoon . His pink cheeks paled , and a stream of tiny , hot tears fell oil spring rain down his sad little face . Even his silky masked dropped   as he watched his mother reach down , take Ronny 's hand in her own , open his pincers into a fan , and kiss his brother right in the middle of his palm .
" That was my Kissing Hand , " Chester gasped in the saddest voice his mother had ever heard . " Why did you give ronny my Kissing Hand ? Do n't you love me anymore ? "
" Oh , Chester ! " cried Mrs. Raccoon . " Of course I love you ! " " Then how come you gave the baby my Kissing Hand ? " asked Chester .
Mrs. Raccoon gathered Chester up in her arms and gave him a great , big , comforting hug . " I would never give Ronny your Kissing Hand , " she assured him gently . " That was his Kissing hand . Now you each have one of your own . "
Chester wiped away his tears and settled in his mother 's lap .   " If you give both of us Kissing Hands , wo n't you run out ? "
Mrs. Raccoon laughed . "Would you like to hear a story . " she asked Chester . " About kisses ? " " About stars , " said Mrs. Raccoon .
" Every night , just before the sun goes down , it reaches out with its rays and touches every star in the universe . One by one , the stars light up and shine down upon us . Even on nights we ca n't see the stars , they 're up there sparkling away . No matter how many stars fill the sky , the sun will never run out of light , and its rays will never stop reaching out to them . " that 's the way it is with Kissing Hands . When somebody loves you , their kisses are like the sun 's rays- always there and always shining . No matter how many Kissing Hands I give you and Ronny , I will never , ever run out . "
" But you are right about one thing , " Mrs. Raccoon told Chester .   Ronny 's big brother widened his eyes and looked surprised . " What 's that ? he asked his mother . " You are the big brother and that deserves something extra special . "
Mrs. Raccoon put Ronny on a swing , then took Chester 's right hand in hers and spread open his tiny fingers into a fan . Leaning over , she kissed him right in the middle of his palm .
" That kiss is for your pocket , " she told him . " Take good care of it , and keep it as a spare . You never know when a big brother might need a little extra care . "
Chester hugged his mother and romped away . " I love you , too , " he seemed to say .

Today I saw a rainbow . It was so beautiful that I wanted to catch it for my very own .
I put on my raincoat and hat and ran outdoors .
Fast as the wind I ran .
But when I came to where the rainbow should have been ,
it was n't there .
I thought , Maybe some rainy day a rainbow will come and stay a while . I 'll be walking along slowly ,
and suddenly I 'll hear a soft whirring sound like the wings of a bird . I 'll look around and see
a rainbow following me !
I 'll know by the way it circles and whirls
it wants to play .
So I 'll hop over my rainbow ,
and my rainbow will leap over me .
I 'll climb up one side
and slide down the other .
My rainbow will make a peacock fan for me to walk in front of
and a hammock for me to swing in .
We 'll play a game of hide - and - go - seek . I 'll shut my eyes and count to twenty , and then look all around .
If I were a rainbow , where would I hide ?
In a flower garden , of course !
Rows of flowers look like a rainbow .
Suddenly the sun came out again from behind the rain clouds ,
and my pretend rainbow disappeared the way real rainbows do .
But when I came back home , I saw something glowing inside the window of my room ,
and when I ran indoors ,
there was a rainbow dancing on the wall ! The sun was shining through the water in my goldfish bowl , and it made a rainbow just for me -
a rainbow of my very own !

Amos McGee was an early riser . Every morning when the alarm clock changed , he swung his legs out of bed and swapped his pajamas for a fresh pressed uniform .
He would wind his watch and set a pot of water to boil -- saying to the sugar bowl , " A spoonful for my oatmeal , please , and two for my teacup . "
Belly full and ready for the workday , he 'd amble out the door .
Every day Amos waited for the number five bus . " Next stop , City Zoo , " the bus driver would call . " 6 a.m. Right on time , " he 'd reply .
Amos had a lot to do at the zoo , but he always made time to visit his good friends .
He would play chess with the elephant ( who thought and thought before making a move ) ,
run races with the tortoise ( who never ever lost ) ,
sit quietly with the penguin ( who was very shy ) ,
lend a handkerchief to the rhinoceros ( who always had a runny nose ) ,
and , at sunset , read stories to the owl ( who was afraid of the dark ) .
One day Amos awoke with the sniffles , and the sneezes , and the chills . He swung his achy legs out of bed , curled them back again and said , " Ugh , I do n't think I 'll be going to work today . "
Meanwhile at the zoo . . . The animals waited for their friend . The elephant arranged his pawns and polished his castles . The tortoise stretched his legs and limbered up . The penguin sat patiently , all by himself . The rhinoceros worried that his allergies were worsening . The owl perched atop a tall stack of storybooks , scratching his head with concern . " Where is Amos ? " the animals wondered .
Later that day ...
" Hooray !   My good friends are here ! "
Amos yawned , " I could use a nap . "   The penguin sat quietly , keeping Amos feet warm .
" I 'm beginning to feel much better , thank you , " said Amos to his friends .   He swung his legs out of bed .   " Perhaps we 'll share a pot of tea . "

In the middle of town , where buildings sand tall , There lives a little man called Fireman small . The only fireman this side of the bay is getting ready for the holiday ! Since no calls have come in , he 's also free to help Mayor Mole find a Christmas tree .
* * Beavers Tree Farm * *
On Beaver 's Tree Farm , they grow pines big and tall And some teeny - tiny = , like fireman small . With a few mighty Whacks ! he chops a tree down , Throws it on the truck , and drives back to town .
The city is bustling with yuletide cheer . For stores it 's the busiest time of the year . Fireman Small waves to a holiday shopper As he straightens the Christmas tree topper . There are bundles of lights that need to get strung , boxes of ornaments waiting to be hung .
The townsfolk hustle past Small on the street . Some stop to sample a warm winter treat . Boys and girls climb onto santa lap . Moms and Dads line up with presents to wrap .
Soon it 's time for shopkeepers to leave , Since stores all close early on Christmas eve . Fireman Small puts up the last decoration . Tired and beat , he drives back to the station .
He pulls the tuck into the firehouse , Walks upstairs one step at a time . Closes the curtains , gets in bed , And pulls the covers over his head .
Around midnight , he hears a sound on the roof , A jingling of sleigh bells , the tip - tap of hoof . There 's a CRASH ! …  then a muffled ho - ho - ho . Someone 's downstairs in the firehouse below !
Quickly out of bed he scoots , Jumps into his pants and boots . Ready to go , he slides down the pole , sees two legs sticking out of the coal !
Black boots , a brown sack , white bearded jaws …  Is it a burglar ? Why - It 's Santa Claus ! From the cap on his head right down to each foot , The jolly old fellow is covered in soot !
His clothes get tossed in the   washing machine . In just a short while , they 're dry and clean ! Uh - Oh ! Something 's wrong . The red suit has shrunk !
Worse than that , Santa 's asleep in his bunk ! What about all the good girls and boys ? Who will deliver the rest of the toys ?
Though fireman Small should be snuggled in bed , He races up to the rooftop sited . Dressed in Santa 's suit , he hops in the sleigh . But the reindeer refuse to fly away !
What can he do now ? Such terrible luck ! Wait ! Fireman small can take the fire truck ! Out of the station , he 's ready to go , plowing through streets all covered with snow . Fireman Small clutches the sack full of toys . He slides down the chimney without any noise .
At farmer Pigs farm , he leaves a straw hat , new overalls , and a chew toy for Cat . Beavers gift is her own ping - pong paddle . Rabbit gets a ricking horse and a saddle .
Up the chimney he scoots in a hurry . Down the rooftop he shoots with a flurry .
Fireman small speeds along to the next house , Dropping off presents for Possum and Mouse
He stuffs a stocking for crocodile 's daughter . Makes sure the Christmas tree has enough water . Fireman Small crosses each name off his list . The bag is empty . No one has been missed .
He pulls back into station number nine . Walks upstairs , one step at a time . Stretches and yawns , crawls into bed …  And pulls the covers over his head .
When Fireman Small gets up on Christmas Day , he finds no Santa , no reindeer or sleigh . Was it a dream ? Did he imagine it all ? Look ! There 's a letter for Fireman Small :
After flying all night , North , South , East , and West , My reindeer and I were in need of some rest . Thank you , Fireman Small , you 're a fine substitute . Please keep this token , My now tiny red suit !

Bear knew everything there was to know abut school before he even got there . His older sister , Bella , had told him all about it .
" Every morning , Miss Fern stands at the classroom door to shake hands , " Bella said . " Then you 'll have Circle Time , Reading Time , and Snack . I like to be the helper . When it 's time to go home , Miss Fern shakes hands again but instead of saying , ' Good - bye , ' she says , ' See you when you 're older ! "
On the first day , Bear sent Mama away at the schoolhouse door . He was n't afraid because he knew just what to expect . All by himself . Bear marched down the hall to Miss Fern 's classroom and stuck out his hand , read to shake . Miss Fern smiled when she saw him , but instead of shaking hands --
" Hello , Bear " she said . " We have so many new students that there are two teachers now . You are in Miss teasel 's class , across the hall . " Bear looked . There was no teacher there to shake his hand .
Inside the new classroom , Miss Teasel was handing out name tags . " Hello , Bear , " she said . " You may take a seat and decorate this . "
While Bear colored , he kept looking at the clock . Two minutes passed , then five . Miss Fern must have started Circle Time by now . But Miss Teasel was still walking around the room , talking to the other students .
Finally , Bear got up and tugged on Miss Teasel 's sleeve . " When is Circle Time ? " he asked . " We do n't have Circle Time , Bear , " Miss Teasel said . " First we do art and then we have Morning Meeting . " " Miss Fern has Circle Time first , " Bear said . " I see , " Miss Teasel said . " Well , I do things differently . " But Bear wanted to do things the way Bella had told him . He did n't want to do things differently .
After Morning Meeting , Miss Teasel clapped her hands " It 's time for Story Carpet , everyone , " she called . The children gathered on the rug in the front of the room . " Miss Fern calls it Reading Time , " Bear said . " I see , " Miss Teasel said . " Well , I do things differently . " But Bear did n't what to do things differently .
At Snack Time , Miss Teasel brought out juice and graham crackers . " Can I be the snack helper ? " Bear asked . " Thank you for offering , Bear , but handling out snacks is my job . " " Miss Fern ---- " Bear started . " I know --- " Miss Teasel started . " You do things differently , " Bear finished .
Miss Teasel knelt down beside him . " Bear , I get the feeling you wanted to be in Miss Fern 's class . "
Bear looked down at his feet . " Yes , " he said . " I knew her already . My sister Bella was in her class . "
" Do you want to know a secret ? " Miss Teasel asked . Bear nodded . " Miss Fern was my teacher , too . I want to be a good teacher like she is , but i do n't want to be a copycat . I want to do it my own way . "
Bear nodded , but he did n't really understand . He tried to eat his graham crackers , but he was n't very hungry . Nothing was turning out the way he had expected . After Snack Time , Miss Teasel passed out colored paper . " We are going to make autumn leaves to decorate the classroom , " she said .
Bear listened to Miss Teasel 's directions . He started to cut his colored paper according to her pattern . Suddenly he got a different idea . There was a tree in his ear with leaves shaped just like a mitten . Instead of Miss Teasel 's patter , he wanted to use his hand ! " Why are n't you using the patter , Bear ? " Miss Teasel asked gently . Bear set his chin on his hands and looked up at his teacher . " I do n't want to be a copycat , " he said . " I want--- " Bear stopped for a second . " You want to do it your own way ? " Miss Teasel asked . " That 's find , Bear . "
Bear nodded and got to work . He traced his hand on the paper using a red crayon . Then he used the scissors to cut his leaf out . Finally he colored it . " Why , Bear ! " Miss Teasel exclaimed . " What a wonderful leaf ? " Bear felt very proud .
Miss Teasel knelt beside him . " You know , Bear , you and I are a lot alike . We like doing things our own special ways . That does n't mean we ca n't do some things that other people do . Is there one thing you 'd like me to do the same way as Miss Fern ? " Bear whispered in Miss Teasel 's ear .
That afternoon , when it was time to go home , Miss Teasel stood at the door to say good - bye to her students . " See you when you 're older , " she said .
When it was Bear 's turn , instead of shaking Miss Teasel 's hand like everyone else , he gave her a high five . " I see we 're doing things our own special way , Bear , " Miss Teasel said , smiling . Bear nodded . " We sure are ! "

Huckle Cat was so happy . He had just bought the perfect Mother 's Day present . A cuckoo - cuckoo clock !
" Mother will love it , " he said . " Cuckoo ! " went the clock . It was one o'clock . He out the clock on into the basket of his bike . Then he set off for home as fast as he could go .
" Not so fast ! " said Lowly Worm . " Slow down ! " But Huckle did not slow down .
He turned the corner and CRASHED right into Postman Pig . " Cucko - o - o - o - o ! " went the clock .
Officer Murphy came right over . " Oh , no ! " The clock is broken ! " said Huckle . " You are lucky that is all that is broken , " said the police officer . " You were going too fast . And you did not ring your bell . " Huckle said , " I 'm sorry , but my bell is broken . " Officer Murphy told Huckle to get his bell fixed .
Huckle and Lowly went to Mr. Fixit 's store . " Can you fix my bike bell and this cuckoo - cuckoo clock ? " asked Huckle . " Of course I can , " said Mr. Fixit . " Come back in an hour and your bell and clock will be as good as new . "
Huckle and Lowly left the store . Mr. Fixit set to work . He took the bell apart . He took the clock apart . " Now , let me see ... " he said .
When Huckle and Lowly came back , Mr. Fixit had everything back together again . " Oh , thank you , Mr. Fixit ! " said Huckle . " Glad to be of help , " said Mr. Fixit .
Huckle could hardly wait to give his mother the clock . He got to his house and rang his bike bell . " Cuckoo - cuckoo ! " went the bell . Huckle was very surprised .
Then he gave the clock to his mother . " Happy Mother 's Day , " he said . " Dring - dring ! " went the clock . Huckle was very surprised . So was his mother . " What a wonderful clock ! " she said . " I 've never seen a cuckoo - cuckoo clock that sounds like a bike bell ! Thank you so much , Huckle ! "
Huckle loved his new bike bell , too . There was not another one like it in Busytown ! He rushed off to thank My . Fixit for the mixup . And when he turned the corner , he rang his bell . " Cuckoo - cuckoo ! "

The Fire Station . A fire station is a fun place to visit .
Trucks and Gear . Fire engines have flashing lights and loud horns . Fire engines and other trucks park in the bay .
Some fire trucks carry ladders . Ladders can reach the tops of tall buildings .
Firefighters wear coats , helmet , and boots . The heavy gear keeps them safe .
Firefighters learn in the training room . They hear and see how to use new safety equipment .
Firefighters exercise in the dorm during the day . They rest in beds at night .
Firefighters cook meals in the kitchen . They eat together during breaks .
Working together . People at the fire station work together to keep their community safe .

When Nell had her birthday , her whole house was buzzing ' with family and neighbors and friends by the dozen . " I love all my presents , and look at this cake ! I have a good wish that I ca n't wait to make ! "
That night , she asked , " When 'll my birthday come back ? " " The holidays , " said Mom , " will help you keep track . There 's one every month , except sometimes there 's two . They 'll help pass the time between birthdays for you ! "
A whole week went by . Nell needed to know- was a holiday coming ? " " Time 's moving so slow ! " " You 're home on a Monday ? " " Labor Day , " her dad said , " when workers can rest and sleep late in bed . "
" But we 're wide - awake , so what can we do ? " Her dad lit the coals . " Have a big barbecue ! "
The first day of school , she said to her friend , " I hope there 's more fun and the holidays wo n't end . " " That 's silly , " said Tommy . " The best day I 've seen is coming next month , and it 's called Halloween ! "
When Nell got dressed up , trick - or - treated ' round town , she saw gobs of witches , six ghosts , and a clown . With her treat bag in tow , she exclaimed , " This is living ! " " There 's more , " Tommy added . " Just wait till Thanksgiving . "
Then , four Thursdays later , she smelled Grandma 's pies-
fresh apple and pumpkin and mincemeat surprise !
The next day , her family event down to the mall . They needed to park but found no spots at all ! When finally they swarmed through the big , bustling crowd , " Christmas is coming ! " Nell shouted too loud .
And then , the next month , as she counted each day , young Nell had her mind on a man in a sleigh . She hung up stockings , left cookies and milk , then wished for some toys and a kitten like silk .
Then , one week later , a holiday at night ! " I have to skip bedtime . " Her dad said , " All right . "
She drank juice so bubbly , ate New Year 's spaghetti , then threw shiny streamers and colored confetti .
Then six long weeks passed . Now what could be coming ? Her mom fixed her hairdo and went around humming . She handed her paper and scissors and lace . Nell glued decorations all over the place .
A day filled with kisses , and a flower bouquet , and candy with words , all for Valentines Day .
And then , one March morning , when winter was old , Saint Patrick 's Day danced in with rainbows and gold . So Nell dressed in green , drew some fat Irish clover , and asked , " May I please have some leprechauns over ? "
A few weekends later , Nell said , " Mom , it 's funny , I remember a day with a gift - giving bunny . " She helped dye some eggs , her family 's spring habit , and left out her basket for a sneaky old rabbit .
As she munched Easter candy and picked off pink grass , she asked the new kid in her story - time class , " Which holiday 's next ? I hope there 's another . " " Of course , " said the girl . " It 's a day for your mother . "
" It 's mother 's day Sunday ! " She picked a corsage and made a big card for a free Nell massage . In place of Mom cooking , Nell did it instead . She loaded the tray , served her breakfast in bed .
" Is only one holiday happening in May ? " " No , " Father said . " There 's Memorial Day . "
They hung up their flag . Some fighter jets flew . They honored Nell 's grandpa with red , white , and blue . He showed Nell some medals he 'd earned in the war . " They 're so shiny , " she said . " Do you have any more ? "
In June , her mom said , " Father 's Day comes up next . " So Nell drew a picture - with Dad 's muscles flexed !
She got out a bucket , said , " Stay where you are . " While Dad read the paper , she washed his whole car .
Next , a parade on the 4th of July ! She liked all the fire trucks and floats that went by . When Dad said , " Sit down , Nell , " she said , " In a minute . " Instead of just watching , she tried to be in it .
Later , her family hiked up to the park . The fireworks display began after dark .
In August they camped for a very fun week of pine trees and fireflies and baths in the creek . And finally - her birthday ! What wish would she make ? She took a deep breath and blew out her cake .
" I wish time went faster , and the holidays came quicker , that the presents were bigger , and the frosting was thicker ! "
It was n't too long before one part came truer . They all stayed home Monday for a big barbecue !

Aa Angelfish Hello , I 'm the angelfish , darling , The prettiest thing in the sea . What a shame there are no other creatures As gorgeous and lovely as me !
Bb Boa Constrictor The boa constrictor 's a slippery snake Who squashes then swallows his prey . He knows that it 's not very friendly or kind , But they do taste much nicer that way .
Cc Crocodile When animals come to the river to drink , I watch for a minute or two . It 's such a delight TO behold such a sight That I ca n't resist chomping a few .
Dd Dolphin That wonderful thing about dolphins Is hearing them trying to speak . It 's not " How do you do ? " As I 'd say to you . It 's more of a " Click - whistle - squeak ! "
Ee Elephant It 's great to be an elephant , All big and fat and round , And wander through the jungle Just elephing around .
Ff Frog We may be green and slimy , But I 'm sure that you 'll agree , We 're really great at hopping . Can you hop as high as me ?
Gg Giraffe Some animals laugh At the gangly giraffe But I hold my head up and feel proud . I really do n't care When my head 's in the air And my cheek 's getting kissed by a cloud .
Hh Hippopotamus Hello , I 'm a big happy hippo , I sleep in the sun till I 'm hot . And when I 'm not sleeping I mooch in the mud , Which hippos like doing a lot .
Ii Iguana We are both green iguanas , Our bodies are covered with scales . We 've also got really cool spines down our backs That run to the ends of our tails !
Jj Jellyfish The jellyfish just loves to jiggle , Which other fish think is quite dumb . She knows that it 's not all that useful , But jiggling 's lots of good fun .
Kk Kangaroo I 'm the bouncy kangaroo . Pleased to meet you ! How 'd you do ? And who 's inside my pouch ? That 's right . . . . It 's Baby Joey holding tight !
Rrrrr Lion Ll The lion 's the king of the jungle , Who quietly sits on his paws . But everyone quivers And shudders and shivers As soon as he opens his jaws .
Mm Monkey It 's great to be a monkey , Swinging through the trees , And if we ca n't find nuts to eat We munch each other 's fleas !
Nn Narwhal The narwhal has a horn - like tusk And so he seems to be The ocean't swimming unicorn , A marvel of the sea !
Oo Octopus Having eight arms can be useful , You may think it looks a bit funny , But it helps me to hold all my children And tickle each one on the tummy .
Pp Penguin We waddle around on our icebergs , Which makes our feet slither and slide . And when we get close to the water , We leap with a splash off the side .
Qq Quetzal My tail feathers shimmer in glorious green And look at my splendid red chest . Of all the most beautiful birds that you 've seen , you must admit I am the best !
Rr Rhinoceros The ravenous rhino Is big , strong , and touch , But his skin is all baggy and flappy , Which means that there 's plenty Of room for his lunch , And that makes him terribly happy .
Ss Shark I swim witha grin up to greet you , See how my jaws open wide . Why do n't you come a bit closer ? Please , take a good look inside . . .
Tt Tiger Beware of the terrible tiger , You do n't always know when he 's near , But his eyes shine like lights In the blackest of nights , And his growl makes you tremble with fear .
Uu Umbrella Bird My head has a crest of black feathers , So when I look up at the sky And see that it 's raining Instead of complaining I just spread them out and keep dry !
Vv Vulture See me soaring gracefully Across the clear blue sky , Looking out for tasty treats That catch my beady eye !
Ww There 's no other beast on the planet As big as the giant blue whale .
Whale He measures a massive one hundred feet long From his head to the tip of his tail .
Xx X - ray Fish We like to swim around the shoals And any food will do us . Oh yes , we 're called the X - ray fish As you can see right through us !
Yak Yy We live up in the mountains Where the land is cold and bare , So to keep us warm and cozy we grow thick , long , shaggy hair !
Zz Zebra I could have been gray like a donkey Or brown like my cousin the mule , But instead I 've got stripes , Which my ladyfriend likes Since they make me look handsome and cool .

Feeling good about me is as easy as ABC !
A : I am Awesome !
B : Brace , and
C : Cheerful .
D : I have big Dreams ,
E : and I like to Explore .
F : I am a good Friend .
G : I love to Giggle
H : and be Happy .
I : I have a great
Imagination .
J : I can Jump and Juggle .
K : I am Kind .
L : I am a good Leader .
M : Sometimes , I make Mistakes .
N : And sometimes , I 'm Noisy !
O : I love to play Outside .
P : I try to be Polite
Q : I like quiet times
R : so I can Read
S : I am good at Sharing .
T : I am Talented .
U : Look at me -- I'm Unique !
V : I try to eat all my Vegetables .
W : I like to make Wishes .
X : XXX ooo !
Y : Yawn ... I need a good
night 's sleep , so tomorrow ...
Z : I can Zoom on !

A airplane
B bicycle
C camera cheese !
D dog
E eggs
F frogs
G guitars
H hula hoops
I ice - skate
J jump
K king
L leaves
M mouse
N nest
O owl
P pillows
Q quilts
R rain
S sun
T toothpaste
U underwear
V violin
W wagon X " marks the spot "
Y yarn   Z zebra

" Rise and shine , Adventure Annie , " Mommy sings at my door .
I hop to my calendar . At last ! Adventure Annie kindergarten day .
" Will I have a wild animal zoo adventure ? " " Maybe not today , " say Mommy . " Will I have a high - flying circus adventure ? " " Maybe after school , " says Mommy .
" What about a daring search - and - find rescue adventure ? " " Maybe on the the weekend , " says Mommy . I throw my arms out wide . " Well then , what adventure will I have at kindergarten ? "
" Sometimes , " Mommy says , " kindergarten is it own adventure . " I give her the Adventure Annie thumbs - up .
I squizzle back to my room and tuck my zookeeper hat , my high wire slippers , and my walkie - talkies into my backpack -- just in case .
" Let 's go ! " I sing . We hop to it . I push through the tall glass doors of Pioneer Elementary School . PIONEER ELEMENTARY
I kiss Mommy good - bye , then knock - knock - knock on the kindergarten door . I burt inside . " Adventure Annie is here ! " I shout .
A tall man rushes over to shake my hand . " Hello , " he says . " I 'm Mr. Todd . Who are you ? " I point to the A on my shirt .
He glances at a clipboard . " Annie Grace ? " Welcome to Mrs. Todd 's class ! ! I nod my head and swirly my cape . " Adventure Annie . "
Mr. Todd taps a hook marked Annie but I wrap myself up tight . 1 2 3 Louise Jose Annie " I need my cape . " " Well then , " he says , " let 's find your seat . "
I follow Mr. Todd straight to a table that matches my red cape perfectly . I slip into a chair between two other kids . " I 'm Adventure Annie . Who are you ? " " Jose , " the boy says . " And that 's Louise . " Louise just ducks her head .
On the circle rug , Mr. Todd explains our Kindergarten Gold Star Rules . Gold Star Rules 1 . Respect our classroom and everything in it . 2 . Make good decisions . 3 . Use your inside voices . 4 . Be kind and helpful to others . " But what about adventures ? " I ask . " You 're right , Annie , " Mr. Toddy says . " the most important rule of all is ' Enjoy your kindergarten adventure ! ' "
Then he taps his shiny gold star . " Each day , I will choose my Gold Star Deputy . " I wave my hands in big circles . " Here I am ! " Mr. Todd looks at me . " We do n't know who it will be quite yet , Annie . " " Does it depend on our kindergarten adventures ? " I ask . He tilts his head to the side . " Yes , your adventures with the Gold Star Rules . "
During morning snack at the red table , I wear my zookeeper hat . I pop wild animal fruit snacks into my mouth . " How about a wild animal zoo adventure ? " Louise and Jose just blink . Behind Jose 's chair , I spot three squeaky hamsters in a cage . What those squeakers need is a natural habitat exhibit .
Luckily , the art supplies are ready for me .
Clap - clap . Clap clap clap . The room is quiet . Mr. Todd squats next to me and looks at the cage . " Oh dear , " he says . " Remember the Gold Star Rule , Annie ? Take good care of our classroom and everything in it . " " Oopsie . " I hand him the paintbrush . " Back to your seat please , " he says .
At the red table I slide into my high wire slippers . " How about a high - flying circus adventure ? " But Louise and Jose just stare . Am I the only one looking for Gold Star adventures ?
The jungle gym sparkles in the sun just outside the window . While Mr. Todd washes off the hamster cage , I slip out the courtyard door and fly onto the empty climber .
Suddenly , I see Mr. Todd below me . " Remember the Gold Star Rule , Annie ? " Make good decisions . " He points me back inside .
All during story circle and math centers and lunch , I watch for new adventure opportunities . I imagine that gold star pinned under my chin .
Clap - clap . Clap clap clap . " Afternoon snack time ! " Mr. Todd calls . " I need two helpers to fetch milk . Who remembers where the cafeteria is ? " I wave in big circles , but Mr. Todd calls on Louise and Jose .
We wait for the the milk . And wait . And wait . Finally , Mr. Todd says , " I need a helper to fetch the milk fetchers . They must be lost . " This time my waving works . " Annie , why do n't you go ? But remember the Gold Star Rule . Use your inside voice . "
I grab my walkie - talkies and teach Mr. Todd how they work . Then I ziggle and zaggle through the whole school .
" Not in the library , " I whisper to Mr. Todd . " Not in the cafeteria . " Not in the bathrooms , either . " Give me one more try , " I say .
I peek in at a door marked PRINCIPAL . Right there , behind a wagon full of milk , I spot the worried faces of Louise and Jose . I knock - knock - knock and burst inside . In my loudest whisper I say , " Adventure Annie to the rescue ! "
A short lady comes to meet me . " Wonderful , " she says . We were just about to walk down to kindergarten . I lead Louise , Jose , and the milk wagon down the hall .
" We 're on our way , " I whisper into my walkie - talkie . " Way to go , Adventure Annie ! " says Mr. Todd . We do n't stop for a single adventure on our way back to kindergarten .
At our closing circle , Mr. Todd calls , " Annie Grace . "   " Adventure Annie , " I remind him . Then he pins the gold star right beneath my chin after all .
Adventure Anne , Gold Star Deputy to the rescue !

I went to sleep with gum in my mouth and now there 's gum in my hair and when I got out of bed this morning I tripped on the skateboard and by mistake I dropped my sweater in the sink while the water was running and I could tell it was going to be a terrible , horrible , no good , very bad day .
At breakfast Anthony found a Corvette Sting Ray car kit in his breakfast cereal box and Nick found a Junior Undercover Agent code ring in his breakfast cereal box but in my breakfast cereal box all I found was breakfast cereal .
I think I 'll move to Australia .
In the car pool Mrs. Gibson let Becky have a seat by the window . Audrey and Elliott got seats by the window too . I said I was being scrunched . I said I was being smushed . I said , if I do n't get a seat by the window I am going to be carsick . No one even answered .
I could tell it was going to be a terrible , horrible , no good , very bad day .
At school Mrs. Dickens liked Paul 's picture of the sailboat better than my picture of the invisible castle .
At singing time she said I sang too loud . At counting time she said I left out sixteen . Who needs sixteen ? I could tell it was going to be a terrible , horrible , no good , very bad day .
I could tell because Paul sad I was n't his best friend anymore . He said that Philip Parker was his best friend and that Albert Moyo was his next best friend and that I was only his third best friend .
I hope you sit on a tack , I said to Paul . I hope the next time you get a double - decker strawberry ice - cream cone the ice cream part falls off the cone part and lands in Australia .
There were two cupcakes in Philip Parker 's lunch bag and Albert got a Hershey bar with almonds and Paul 's mother game him a piece of jelly roll that had little coconut sprinkles on the top . Guess whose mother forgot to put in dessert ?
It was a terrible , horrible , no good , very bad day .
That 's what it was , because after school my mom took us all to the dentist and Dr. Fields found a cavity in just me . Come back next week and I 'll fix it , said Dr. Fields . Next week , I said , I 'm going to Australia .
On the way downstairs the elevator door closed on my foot and while we were waiting for my mom to go get the car Anthony made me fall where it was muddy and then when I started crying because of the mud Nick said I was a crybaby and
while I was punching Nick for saying crybaby my mom came back with the car and scolded me for being muddy and fighting .
I am having a terrible , horrible , no good , very bad day , I told everybody . No one even answered .
So then we went to the shoe store to buy some sneakers . Anthony chose white ones with blue stripes . Nick chose red ones with white stripes . I chose blue ones with red stripes but then the shoe man said , We 're all sold out . They made me buy plain old white ones , but they ca n't make me wear them .
When we picked up my dad at his office he said I could n't play with his copying machine , but I forgot . He also said to watch out for the books on his dest , and I was careful as could be except for my elbow . He also said do n't fool around with his phone , but I think I called Australia . My dad said please do n't pick him up anymore . It was a terrible , horrible , no good , very bad day .
There were lima beans for dinner and I hate lima beans . There was kissing on TV and I hate kissing .
My bath was too hot , I got soap in my eyes , my marble went down the drain , and I had to wear my railroad - train pajamas . I hate my railroad - train pajamas .
When I went to bed Nick took back the pillow he said I could keep and the icky Mouse night light burned out and I bit my tongue . The cat wants to sleep with Anthony , not with me . It has been a terrible , horrible , no good , very bad day . My mom says some days are like that .
Even in Australia .

It is n't fair that my brother Anthony has two dollars and three quarters and one dime and seven nickels and eighteen pennies .
It is n't fair that my brother Nicholas has one dollar and two quarters and five dimes and five nickels and thirteen pennies .
It is n't fair because what I 've got is … bus tokens .
And most of the time what I 've mostly go is … bus tokens .
And even when I 'm very rich , I know that pretty soon what I 'll have is … bus tokens . I know because I used to be rich . Last Sunday .
Last Sunday Grandma Betty and Grandpa Louie came to visit from New Jersey . They brought lox because my father likes to eat lox . They brought platens because my mother likes to drop plants .
They brought a dollar for me and a dollar for Nick and a dollar for Anthony because - Mom says it sin't nice to say this - we like money . A lot . Especially me .
My father told me to put the dollar away to pay for college . He was kidding .
Anthony told me to use the dollar to go downtown to a store and buy a new face . Anthony stinks .
Nicky said to take the dollar and bury it in the garden and in a week a dollar tree would grow . Ha ha ha .
Mom said if I really want to buy a walkie - talkie , save my money = . Saving money is hard .
Because last Sunday , when I used to be rich , I went to Pearson 's Drug Store and got bubble gum . And after the gum stopped tasting good , I got more gum . And after that gum stopped tasting good , I got more gum . And even though I told my friend David I 'd sell him all the gum in my mouth for a nickel , he still would n't buy it . Good - bye fifteen cents .
Last Sunday , when I used to be rich , I be that I could hold my breath till 300 . Anthony won . I bet that I could jump from the top of the stoop and land on my feet . Nicky won .
I bet that I could hide this purple marble in my hand , and my mom would never guess which hand I was hiding it in . I did n't know that moms made children pay . Good - bye another fifteen cents .
I absolutely was saving the rest of my money . I positively was saving the rest of my money . Except that Eddie called me up and said that he would rent me his snake for a hour . I always wanted to rent his snake for an hour . Good - bye twelve cents .
Anthony said when I 'm ninety - nine I still wo n't have enough for a walkie - talkie . Nick said I 'm too dumb to be let loose . My father said that there are certain words a boy can never say , no matter how ratty and mean his brothers are being . My father fined me five cents each for saying them . Goodbye - dime .
Last Sunday , when I used to be rich , by accident I flushed three cents down the toilet . A nickel fell through a crack when I walked on my hands . I tried to get my nickel out with a butter knife and also my mother 's scissors . Good - bye eight cents . And the butter knife . And the scissors .
Last Sunday , when I used to be rich , I found this chocolate candy bar just sitting there . I rescued it from being melted for smushed was that    I ate it . How was I supposed to know it was Anthony 's ? Good - bye eleven cents .
I absolutely was saving the rest of my money . I positively was saving the rest of my money . But then Nick did a magic trick that made my pennies vanish in thin air . The trick to being them back he has n't learned yet . Good - bye four cents .
Anthony said that even when I 'm 199 , I still wo n't have enough for a walkie - talkie . Nick said they should lock me in a cage . My father said that there are certain things a boy can never kick , no matter how ratty and mean his brothers are being . My father made me pay five cents for kicking it . Good - bye nickel .
Last Sunday , when I used to be rich , Cathy around the corner had a garage sale . I positively only went to look . I looked at a half - melted candle . I needed that candle . I looked at a bear with one eye . I needed that bear . I looked at a deck of cards that was perfect except for no seven of clubs and no two of diamonds . I did n't need that seven or that two . Good - bye twenty cents .
I absolutely was saving the rest of my money . I positively was saving the rest of my money . I absolutely positively was saying the rest of my money . Except I needed to get some money to save .
I tried to make a tooth fall out - I could put it under my pillow and get a quarter . No loose teeth .
I looked in the Pearson 's telephone booths for nickels and dimes that people sometimes forget . No one forgot .
I brought some non - returnable bottles down to Friendly 's Market . Friendly 's Market was n't very friendly .
I told my grandma and grandpa to come back soon .
Last Sunday , when I used to be rich , I used to have a dollar . I do not have a dollar any more . I 've got this dopey deck of cards . I ' ve got this one - eyed bear . I 've got this melted candle .
And … some bust tokens .

They ca n't make me pack my baseball mitt or my I LOVE DINOSAURS sweatshirt or my cowboy boots . They ca n't make me pack my ice skates , my jeans with eight zippers , my compass , my radio , or my stuffed pig . My dad is packing . My mom is packing . My brothers Nick and Anthony are packing . I 'm not packing . I 'm not going to move .
My dad says we have to move to where his new job is . That job is a thousand miles away . My mom says we have to move to where our new house is . That house is a thousand miles away . Right next door to the new house there 's a boy who is Anthony 's age . Down the street there 's a boy the same age as Nick . There 's no one next door or down the street or maybe for a thousand miles who is my age .
I 'm not - DO YOU HEAR ME ? I MEAN IT ! - going to move .
I 'll never have a best friend like Paul again . I 'll never have a great sitter like Rachel again . I 'll never have my soccer team or my car pool again . I 'll never have kids who know me , except my brothers , and sometimes they do n't want to know me . I 'm not packing . I 'm not going to move .
Nick says I 'm a fool and should get a brain transplant . Anthony says I 'm being immature . My mom and my dad say that after a while I 'll get used to living a thousand miles from everything . Never . Not ever . No way . Uh uh . N.O.
I maybe could stay here and live with the Baldwins . They 've got a dog . I always wanted a dog .
I could maybe stay here and live with the Rooneys . They 've got six girls . They always wanted one boy .
I maybe could stay here and live with Mr. and Mrs. Oberdorfer . They always give great treats on Halloween .
I maybe could stay here and live by myself in maybe a tree house or maybe a tent or maybe a cave .
Nick says I could live in the zoo with all the other animals . Anthony says I 'm being immature . My dad says I should take a last look at all my special places . I 'm taking a look - but it wo n't by my last .
I looked at the Rooney 's roof , which I once climbed out on but then I could n't climb back in , until the Fire Department came and helped me . I looked at Pearson 's Drug Store , where they once said my mom had to pay them eighty dollars when I threw a ball in the air that I almost caught .
I looked at the lot next to Albert 's house , where I once and for all learned to tell which was poison ivy . I looked at my school , where even Ms. Knoop , the teacher I once spilled the goldfish bowl on , said she 'd miss me .
I looked at my special places where a lot of different things happened - not just different bad but different good . Like winning that sack race . Like finding that flashlight . Like spitting farther than Jack three times in a row .
Like selling so much lemonade that my dad said I would probably have to pay taxes . My dad was just making jokes about paying taxes . I wish he was just making jokes about having to move . I 'm not - DO YOU HEAR ME ? I MEAN IT ! - going to move .
Nick says I am acting like a puke - face . Anthony says I 'm being immature . My mom says to say a last good - bye to all my special people . I 'm saying good - bye , but it wo n't be my last .
I said good - bye to my friends , especially Paul , who is almost like having another brother , except he does n't say puke - face or immature .
I said good - bye to my neighbors , especially Swoozie , who is almost like having a dog , except she 's the Baldwins ' dog instead of mine .
I said good - bye to Rachel , who taught me to stand on my head and whistle with two fingers , but she says do n't try to do both at the same time . I said good - bye to Seymour the cleaners , who - even if it 's gum wrappers or an old tooth - always saves me the stuff I leave in my pockets .
I said a lot of good - byes to a lot of people and got a lot of hugs and kisses , enough hugs and kisses to last for a person 's whole life . I said a lot of good - byes - except I 'm staying right here . I 'm not going to move .
When the movers come to put my bedroom furniture on their truck , maybe I 'll barricade my bedroom door . When my dad wants to tie my bicycle to the roof rack on top of the station wagon , maybe I 'll lock up my bike and bury the key . When my mom says , " Finish packing up , it 's time for us to get going , " maybe she 'll look around and she wo n't see me . I know places to hide where they 'd never find me .
Like behind the racks of clothes at Seymour the cleaners . Like underneath the piano in Eddie 's basement . Like inside the pickle barrel at Friendly 's Market . Or maybe I could hide in the weeds in the lot next to Albert 's house , I 'd rather have poison ivy than have to move .
My dad says it might take a while but I 'll find a new soccer team . He says it might take a while but I 'll find boys my age .
He also says sometimes , when a person moves away , his father might need to let him get a dog to be his friend till he makes some people friends . I think that Swoozie Two would be a good name .
My mom says it might take a while but we 'll find a great sitter . She says it might take a while but we 'll find a cleaners who even saves gum wrappers and old teeth . She also says that sometimes , when a person moves away , his mother might let him call his best friend long - distance . I already know the telephone number by heart .
Paul gave me a baseball cap . Rachel gave me a backpack that glows in the dark . Mr. and Mrs. Oberdorfer gave us treats to eat for a thousand miles . Nick says if I 'm lonesome in my new room all by myself , he might let me sleep with him for a while . Anthony says that Nick is being mature .
My dad is packing . My mom is packing . My brothers Nick and Anthony are packing . I do n't like it , but I 'm packing too . They better not try to move anymore when we get where we 're going to .
Because this is the last time I 'll do it . The next time they wo n't make me do it . Never . Not ever . No way . Uh uh . N. O. I 'm not-- DO YOU HEAR ME ? I MEAN IT!-- going to move .

The aliens are excited , As tomorrow 's Christmas Day , So instead of stealing underpants , They 're giving them away !
They jump into their spaceships -- whee ! And whizz off to the North Pole , Help is coming , Santa Claus , The Underwear Patrol !
The aliens read the letters out , From all the girls and boys , And , just for fun , they add a pair , Of pants in with their toys !
In Santa 's busy workshop , There are lots of laughs to share , When dressing up the little elves , In fancy , underwear !
The reindeer wear their underpants , Lit up all bright and glowing , With neon pants to light the way , It helps show where they 're going !
Great ! Santa 's nearly ready , But , shhh , when he turns his back , The aliens swap a spotted pair , Of undies for his sack !
" Ho - ho - ho ! " laughs Santa , But his smile turns to a frown , He wo n't be going anywhere , His sleigh has broken down !
It 's aliens to the rescue , With their spaceship for a sleigh , So reindeer bells a - jingling , Here comes Panta Claus -- hooray !
They hover over rooftops , And it really is fantastic , How Santa shoots down chimneys , On a rope of pants elastic !
The aliens follow Santa , As he tiptoes to each bed , They take down all the stockings , And hang underwear instead .
They decorate our Christmas trees , With elastic , festive cheer , And leave out underpants that say , " An alien was here ! "
Then , mission done , they fly back home , To plan their next attack , So hold on to your underpants , The aliens will be back !

HEAD
forehead
eye
nose
ear
tooth
hair
eyebrow
cheek
mouth
You can use your mouth to blow seeds off flowers . Can you squint your eyes and smile at the same time ?
GUESS WHAT ? You have tiny hairs in your nose that keep out dirt .
TORSO
stomach
hip
chest
belly button
You can use your hips to spin a Hula - Hoop . Can you shake your hips from side to side ?
GUESS WHAT ? " Navel " is another word for belly button .
BACK
neck
backbone
shoulder
back
bottom
Your shoulders connect your arms to your back . Can you shrug your shoulders up and down ?
GUESS WHAT ? The shape of your backbone makes it easier to bend forward than backward .
ARM
finger
shoulder
elbow
hand
wrist
armpit
You can use your hands to hold on to things . Can you shake your hands and wiggle your fingers ?
GUESS WHAT ? When you bump your elbow , it feels tingly , or funny . That 's why it 's called your " funny bone " !
LEG
knee
leg
toe
foot
shin
ankle
You use your legs to jump and dance . Can you point your toes , like a dancer does ? Can you jump high into the air ?
GUESS WHAT ? Your legs have the strongest muscles in your whole body .
Can you find each body part ? Move each part of your body when you find it in the picture !
head
torso
back
arm
leg

Hello , big sea turtle !
Sea turtles like to swine .
Sea turtles live in the ocean .
But they lay eggs on land .
Crack !   A baby sea turtle is born .
The baby runs to the ocean .   The ocean will be his home .
Good - bye , little sea turtle !

Christmas is coming !   Charlie is excited .   ¡ La Navidad se acerca !   Charlie está emocionado .
On Christmas day , Charlie 's family will eat spicy tamales and sweet flan .   Yum !
En Navidad , la familia de Charlie comerá tamales picantes y flan dulce .   ¡ Qué rico !
There are also presents to open on Christmas !   El Niño Dios leaves one present for each person .   Liliana , Luis , Charlie , and Pilar will each get a present .   ¡ En Navidad también se abren regales !   El Niño Dios deja un regalo para cada persona .   Liliana , Luis , Charlie y Pilar recibrán un regalo .
Charlie wants only one thing - a watch .   He saw one at the store .   It has a spy camera inside !
Charlie sólo quiere una cosa : un reloj .   Vio uno en la tienda .   ¡ Tenía una cámara de espía !
" You are too young to have a watch , " his older brother , Luis , tells Charlie .   Luis wants sneaker skates .   " You 're too old for sneaker skates , " Charlie tells him .
-Eres demasiado pequeño para tener un reloj - le dice su hermano mayor , Luis , a Charlie .   Luis quiere unos zapatos deportivos con ruedas .   -Tú eres demasiado mayor para los zapatos con ruedas - le dice Charlie .
Liliana , their big sister , hears them .   " Careful , " she says . " El Niño Dios only brings presents to good kids . "   Liliana is older .   She knows how things work .
Liliana , la hermana mayor , los oye .   -Cuidado - les dice- .   El Niño Dios sólo trae regalos a los niños buenos .   Liliana es mayor .   Ella sabe cómo son las cosas .
The next day , Charlie and Luis argue some more .   This time , Abuela hears them .   " Brothers should n't fight , " she says .   " You should work together . "   Al día siguiente , Charlie y Luis velvet a discutir .   Esta vez los oye la abuela .   -Los hermanos no deben pelearse - dice- .   Deberían trabajar juntos .
Charlie has a good idea .   " Luis , " he says , " I will tell Mamá about your sneaker skates .   You will tell her about my watch .   Mamá will tell El Niño Dios . "   " Good thinking , Charlie ! " says Luis .
Charlie tiene una buena idea .   -Luis - dice- .   Le voy a decir a mamá lo de tus zapatos con ruedas .   Tú le dices lo de mi reloj .   Mamá se lo dirá al Niño Dios .   -¡Buena idea , Charlie!-dice Luis .
Charlie tells Mamá about the sneaker skates .   He hopes Luis tells her about his watch .   Charlie le dice a su mamá lo de los zapatos con ruedas .   Espera que Luis de le diga lo de su reloj .
Finally , it is Christmas Eve .   It is time for bed .   The brothers climb into their beds .   Charlie is too excited to sleep .
Por fin llega la Nochebuena .   Es hora de ir a la cama .   Los hermanos se suben a sus camas .   Charlie está demasiado nervioso para dormir .
" Did you tell Mamá about my watch ? "   Charlie whispers .   Luis does not answer .   He is fast asleep !
-¿Le dijiste a mamá lo de mi reloj?-susurra Charlie .   Luis no contesta .   ¡ Está profundamente dormido !
" Wake up , Carlitos , " Mamá says .   " El Niño Dios has been here ! "   Luis sees a present on the dresser .   It is just the right size for sneaker skates .   Luis is happy !
-Despierta , Carlitos - dice mamá- .   ¡ El Niño Dios ha venido !   Luis ve un regalo sobre la cómoda .   Es justo del tamaño de unos zapatos con ruedas .   ¡ Luis está contento !
There is a big box at the end of Charlie 's bed .   He is a little sad .   The box is too big for a watch .   Hay una caja grande al pie de la cama de Charlie .   Charlie está un poco triste .   La caja es demasiado grande para ser un reloj .
Mamá , Papá , and Pilar watch Charlie .   He opens the big present .   Inside is a smaller box - a watch - size box !
Mamá , Papá , y Pilar observan a Charlie .   Él abre su regalo grande .   Adentro hay una caja más pequeña , ¡ del tamaño de la caja de un reloj !
" What ? " he cries .   Mamá and Papá laugh .   " Open it ! " they say .   Inside , Charlie finds his watch !   -¿Cómo?-grita .   Mamá y pap se ríen .   -¡Ábrela!-le dicen .   Adentro , ¡ Charlie encuentra su reloj !
" Charlie , what time is it ? " Luis asks .   " Time to go back to sleep , " Papá says .   " Merry Christmas ! " Charlie says .   " Feliz Navidad ! " answer Mamá and Papá .   -Charlie , ¿ qué hora es?-pregunta Luis .   -Es hora de dormir - dice pap .   -¡Feliz Navidad!- dice Charlie .   -¡Feliz Navidad!-contestan mamá y papá .

Start the engines . Lift and load . Shift the gears and hit the road .
Vroom ! Rumble ! Zoom ! Alphabet trucks .
A is for apple truck , carting produce to the store .
B is for box truck , with a rolling rear door .
C is for cargo truck , shipping goods across land .
D is for dump truck , moving gravel , dirt , and sand .
E is for elevator truck . Raise the forklift- up it goes !
F is for fuel truck , with a meter , pump , and hose .
G is for grapple truck , and its grabby , massive claw .
H is for horse truck , full of water , feed , and straw .
I is for ice - cream truck , with frozen treats to taste .
J is for junk truck , removing scrap and waste .
K is for knuckle - boom truck . It 's rear crane folds up tight .
L is for lowboy truck , with its drop in deck height .
M is for mixer truck , for stirring concrete .
N is for news truck , reporting from the street .
O is for ore truck , carrying tons in weight .
P is for pickup truck , with a bed and a tailgate .
Q is for quint truck : hose , tank , ladders , and pump .
R is for recycle truck- less trash to fill the dump .
S is for snowplow truck- snowy streets to clear and groom .
T is for tow truck , with a hook , chain , and boom .
U is for U - haul truck . New homes and friends to greet .
V is for vacuum truck , keeping streets clean and neat .
W is for winch truck , winding cable on a spool .
X is for X - ray truck , scanning contents with a tool .
Y is for yard truck , slowly moving as it hauls .
Z is for zipper truck , lifting barrier walls .
Day and night , just watch and see . Trucks work hard from A to Z.
Vroom ! Rumble ! Zoom ! Alphabet trucks .

Alvin loved museums . They were full of such exiting things ! Jeweled crowns , Egyptian mummies , Model T cars , and Plains Indian arrowheads were just a few of the things that sparked Alvin 's imagination . One day Alvin went to the museum and found himself in the knights ' hall . A huge statue of a knight stood in the center of the room . He was dressed in full armor with a sword , a shield , and a big banner . Another knight sat on a stuffed horse .
What splendid knights they are ! thought Alvin . I 'd like to become a knight , wished Alvin . If I had a big horse and my own sword and shield , I could compete in tournaments and topple my opponents with my lance and win fabulous . . . CREEEEK . An old wooed door opened and interrupted Alvin 's dreaming . A boy in strange clothes peered out and beckoned to Alvin . " You there , hurry up ! We 've no time to lose . We 're already late , " he whispered nervously .
Alvin followed the boy through the door and down into a dark cellar . Some mice watched them from the bottom of the stairs . " The others have been waiting ages for us , " scolded the boy . " But you simply can not wear that ridiculous cap ! "
" Hang that silly thing on the hook over there , " suggested the boy . " I have a proper hat and cloak for you instead . No we 'd better get moving , or we 'll catch it for dawdling . " The boys passed through another small doorway , while a cat chased away the mice from beneath their feet .
All of a sudden , Alvin was in a field , staring at a strange and colorful parade . " Get a move on . We 've waited long enough ! Sir Justus wants to leave , " scowled a large man holding a sharp - looking halberd . Then a finely dressed man on a horse , with a sword hanging from his belt , commanded , " We shall have to hurry if we 're to make it in time for the feast ! " Alvin was sure the man was a real knight . " You can ride behind me on my horse , " said the boy to Alvin .
" My name is Felix , " the boy explained after Alvin climbed up behind him . " The big knight in blue is Sir Justus , and I 'm his squire . I take care of Sir Justus 's horses and armor . Sire Justus 's family is riding behind us . Of course , they 're all talking about tomorrow 's tournament . " What tournament ? wondered Alvin . In the distance , Alvin saw a great castle . " Sound the trumpets ! " ordered Sir Justus . The herald blew a loud , ringing note on his horn , and the drawbridge opened like a huge mouth .
" I expect you 'll begin by lending a hand in the kitchen , " said Felix to Alvin . " This afternoon there 's to be a big feast in the castle , so there 'll be plenty to do . " Kitchen work just is n't what I had in mind , thought Alvin .
Alvin was taken directly to the kitchen . " Aha . . . so you 're the new kitchen boy , are you ? " said the cook when he caught sight of Alvin . " You look a bit on the scrawny side , but we can always find something for you to do . " " As a matter of fact , " ventured Alvin , " I had hoped to become a knight . " " A knight ! " roared all the kitchen folk . " Ho ho ho , ha ha ha ! " " So the young scamp wants to become a knight , " laughed the cook . " What next . . . what next ? "
" Well , Sir Alvin , " snorted the cook with a laugh , " you can start by bringing in lots of wood for our big stoves . And when you finish with that noble deed , you can fetch some water . . . at least ten pails . " " Gee , " sighed Alvin , as water splashed onto the stone floor . " I must be the lowliest servant in the land . "
" Hey Alvin ! Hurry over with that big cauldron , " cried one of the kitchen boys . Alvin heaved the iron pot over to the stove without spilling any of the soup that was inside . " Sweep up around the big stove , " added one of the girls . " It 's a terrible mess ! " With a few quick swats of his broom , Alvin cleared away the bust and grime .
" Sir Justus wants his apple cider . . . NOW ! " shouted the cook . " Deliver his mug to him immediately . " " I 'm on my way , " answered Alvin as he dashed off , his cloak billowing out behind him . " Put silken cushions on all the benches , " shouted the cook , " for the feast will soon begin . " Alvin ran hither and thither with armfuls of cushions .
After the feast started , Alvin worked even harder .
Knights and ladies came from miles away for the feast . Alvin carried out enormous plates overflowing with food . Great jugs of juice were poured for all the thirsty guests . Everyone ate and drank to their hearts ' content . Even the castle dogs ate their share .
After dinner the musicians started to play , but the music could barely be heard over the clanking of glasses and other festive noises . " We need another drummer , " one musician cried , " and another piper too . " " I can manage that , " Alvin announced . Alvin dropped his platter and grabbed a drum and pipe . He began to play them both at the same time , while the crowd hooted and hollered with delight .
" More ! More ! Let 's have more entertainment ! " called out Sire Justus . Alvin picked up five balls and juggled them over his head . The balls whirled up into the air and back down without once falling to the floor . " Just look at that ! " exclaimed Sir Justus . " That lad seems to be able to do most anything . Felix ! Lend Alvin a suit of armor and a lance . Then show him how to use them . " " Certainly , Sir Justus , " replied Felix . " Alvin is indeed a talented boy , " Sir Justus whispered to his daughter Daphne . " I want to see how he fares in some knightly tasks . " Daphne nodded in agreement .
" You can borrow a lance from me , " said Felix . " Then we 'll see if you can mount Fitznagel . But I might as well warn you . . . I 'm pretty good at jousting . "
Alvin was n't afraid . He climbed onto Fitznagel and poked Felix in the stomach with his lance . Felix lost his balance and fell off his horse ! Sir Justus and Daphne looked on , pleased with Alvin 's success . Only poor Felix was disappointed .
" You shall become one of my knights , " proclaimed Sir Justus . He paraded down to the field and tapped Alvin on the shoulder with his broadsword . " I dub you Sir Alvin . And what shall be the symbol of your knighthood ? " he asked , as a crowd watched from the castle . " My blue - spotted cap ! " Alvin declared proudly .
" Then your banner , shield , and horse 's smock shall all bear that symbol , " said Sir Justus . " Tomorrow the great tournament will begin , and we shall see how you get on . But do n't get the notion that jousting is a nursery game . Oh no , indeed ! "
The next day , large crowds gathered to watch the tournament . Everyone wondered how the jousting would go for the new knight , Sir Alvin .
The trumpet sounded at last , and the tournament began . Alvin flipped down the visor on his helmet and raised his lance . He gave Fitznagel an encouraging nudge , and they bolted into the mass of other knights . Alvin thrust his lance to the left and then to the right , and treated the crowd to a great surprise - down went all the other knights , bump , bump , bump . Soon a great pile of floundering , armored men sat jumbled in the dirt . " Hooray ! " shouted Daphne . " Hooray ! " cheered the crowd .
Unfortunately , this made the other knights very angry . They scrambled to their feet and tried to grab Alvin . Alvin dropped his lance and fled . Even without Fitznagel , he was too fast for the other knights .
Alvin ran until he reached a door . He could hear the knights right behind him . He pushed the door open . . . and dashed down some stairs , throwing off his helmet and armor . At the bottom of the stairs was a small passageway . Alvin crouched down and crawled through the opening .
He hoped he would n't run into anything in the dark . When Alvin reached the other end . . .   he rushed up three flights of stairs , tossing off the rest of his armor as he went . " Hooray , " gasped Alvin when he spied his blue - spotted cap . He grabbed it and peeked around an old wooden door at the top of the stairs .
Alvin caught his breath and looked around . He was back in the museum again ! " What a relief , " Alvin muttered . A man in a green uniform was staring curiously at him . " That door is supposed to be locked , " the museum guard said gruffly , and he locked it with one of the big keys hanging from his belt .
" That 's fine with me , " said Alvin as he walked away . " I do n't think I 'd ever dare become a knight again . "

Whoosh An airplane is amazing , for it travels through the sky ,
above the clouds for miles and miles , so very fast and high !
DEPARTURES S.B. D.D. flight canceled . An airport is the place you go to take a trip by air .
Flight AP770 Flight F262H F.R. You check in at the terminal to show you 've paid your fare .
Gate 7 Fragile Fragile Fuel AIRPORT SHOP The ground crew weighs your luggage and loads it in the hold .
And then you take the walkway to the pane when you are told . F.R.
Cleared for takeoff
The flight deck 's where the captain and copilot do their jobs . They both know how to fly the plane with all its dials and knobs .
They radio Control Tower to check the runway 's clear . They ca n't take off unless it is , with other planes so near .
Hello this is your captain speaking
By intercom the captain on the flight deck says hello .
Hello , this is your captain speaking
You have to put your seat belt on before the plane can go !
A plane is big and heavy , yet it climbs up really high .
It zooms along the runway and soars into the sky .
Whoosh Its wings hold big jet engines , which are loud and very strong . They suck in air and blow it through to whoosh the plane along .
When the plane moves fast enough the air around 's so swift it pushes up beneath the winds and makes the whole plane lift .
Soon the plane is in the air , so now you 're on your flight . The cabin crew look after you and make sure you 're all right .
They bring you drinks and magazines and trays of food to eat . And sometimes there 's a movie you can watch while in your seat .
Bump When the journey 's over , the captain lands the plane . Control Tower has to say it 's safe for coming down again .
Brr—rump ! You sit with seat belt fastened , there 's a bumpy , rumbling sound—the wheels are making contact , and the plane is on the ground !
At last the doors are opening , Then out you come with smiles .
So give a cheer . Hooray—you're here ! You 've flown for miles and miles . AIRPORT SHOP
Control tower
from here the air traffic controllers direct the planes and tell the pilots when to take off and land safely
Flight deck
sometimes called the cockpit , this is where the pilot and copilot sit
Wheel
the wheels fold away while the plane is in the air
Hold
this is where the heavy luggage is stored
Jet engine
jet engines blow out air and gas to push the plane forward - the gas is made by burning fuel
Terminal
this is the building at the airport where passengers do to catch a plane
Wing
the wings are hollow to make them as light as possible and a smooth shape so they move through the air easily .

Dolphins whistle and squeak . They chirp and pop .
They make noises that sound like clicks or claps . Why do dolphins make all these sounds ?
Dolphins use sounds to signal to other dolphins . Each dolphin whistles in its own way .
No two dolphins sound the same . A dolphin whistles over and over , as if it is saying , " Here I am ! "
Dolphins also show their feelings with sounds . An angry dolphin may squeak or snap its jaw shut with a clap . It may slap the surface of the water with its fins or its tail .
Dolphins live underwater , but they are not fish . They are small whales . Whales are mammals . People are mammals too . All mammals need to breathe air .
You use your mouth to breathe , to eat , and to make sounds . A dolphin uses its mouth to eat . It uses the blowhole on top of its head to breathe and to make sounds .
A dolphin opens its blowhole to breathe but must keep it closed underwater . Inside the blowhole there are pockets called air sacs .
The dolphin makes a sound by moving air from one air sac to another . If you hold the neck of a balloon and let the air out slowly , you can make a sound the same way .
A dolphin makes a clicking sound . THen it listens for an echo . A dolphin can hear the difference between an echo bouncing off a rock and an echo bouncing off a fish or shark or another dolphin .
This is called echolocation . ( Say it : ECK - oh - lo - CAY - shun . ) A dolphin can use echolocation to find fish to eat or to tell if a shark is nearby .
There are about 37 different kinds of dolphins . Most live in the ocean . But some live in rivers in China and India and South America . Most dolphins are gray or black and white . But two kinds of dolphins are pink !
Most dolphins live in groups called schools . Some schools have a few dolphins . Others have hundreds . Dolphins in a school help each other . If one is hurt and ca n't swim , other dolphins may lift it to the water 's surface so it can breathe .
Dolphins like to touch and pat each other with their fins . They rub against each other . They may swim side by side with their fins touching as if they are holding hands .
Baby dolphins are called calves . Calves sometimes play with seaweed . Or they swim up under a seagull and knock it into the air . Grown - up dolphins like to play too .
They ride the waves made by boats . Calves stay with their mothers for at least three years . They drink their mother 's milk . Older calves can catch small fish .
Dolphins hunt for fish and squid . They are also hunted . Sharks and killer whales and people kill dolphins for food . People also catch dolphins in fishings nets by mistake .
Once , thousands of dolphins were killed in tuna nets each year . When people heard about this , they stopped buying tuna fish . They asked the government to keep dolphins safe .
In the United States today , people who fish for tuna are not allowed to catch dolphins . But dolphins are still in danger . Trash dumped into the water can make dolphins sick and kill the fish that they eat . When people put dams in rivers , dolphins ca n't live there anymore .
Scientists go out in boats to study wild dolphins . THey can tell the dolphins apart by the fins on their backs . Scientists count the dolphins and follow them .
They find out what they eat and how far they swim . They try to understand the meanings of the sounds that dolphins make .
Scientists learn how we can help dolphins survive . People helped to save dolphins from tuna nets .
Now we must protect dolphins from people who hunt them . We must keep oceans and rivers clean .
Then there will always be dolphins , squeaking and whistling , swimming and playing , living in our world .

Amelia Bedelia could n't wait to go to school . " Here we are , " said Mrs. Park , the bus driver . " Time to jump off ! " Amelia Bedelia backed up , then ran as fast as she could , and jumped as far as she could .
Amelia Bedelia landed right on top of a grown - up . " Are you my teacher ? " she asked . " I am Mrs. O'Malley . I teach gym . " " Oh , " said Amelia Bedelia . " I am not Jim . I 'm Amelia Bedelia . Can you help me find my teacher ? " " Follow me , " said Mrs. O'Malley .
And Amelia Bedelia did ... Right into her new classroom .
" Hello there ! My name is Miss Edwards . You must be Amelia . " " How did you know ? " asked Amelia Bedelia . " Because you 're my last tag , " Miss Edwards said .
Amelia Bedelia started running . " You ca n't catch me , " she yelled . " I 'm too fast ! " " Come back ! " said Miss Edwards , laughing . " We are n't playing tag . I have a name tag for you . "
Amelia Bedelia looked at her name tag . Something was missing . She added " Bedelia . " " I like my whole name , " she said . " It rhymes . " " So it does , " said Miss Edwards . " Now please sit wherever you like . "
It was a hard choice for Amelia Bedelia . She liked the pictures of faraway places . She liked the letters marching across the top of the board . She liked the hamster running on its wheel . She liked everything she saw . So she sat down right in the middle of the classroom .
Miss Edwards began the day by calling out , " Amelia Bedelia ? " " What ? " said Amelia Bedelia . " Not what , " said Miss Edwards . " Here . " " I hear you , " said Amelia Bedelia . " Good , " said Miss Edwards . " When you hear your name , say it . "
" It ! " hollered Amelia Bedelia . " It ? " said Miss Edwards . " Who is it ? " " I will be it ! " said Amelia Bedelia . " Can we play tag now ? " Everyone began to laugh .
Clap ! Clap ! Clap ! " Shhhh . Be as quiet as mice , " said Miss Edwards . " Now that I am sure you are here . Amelia Bedelia . I 'll read the anmes of your classmates . "
Their names were very exciting , but Amelia Bedelia still loved her name best of all .
Plop ! Plop ! Plop ! Miss Edwards placed a lump of squishy clay on each desk . " Let 's make our favorite animals , " she said . Amelia Bedelia loved hamsters , so she began making one . She made a giraffe . Dawn made a pony . And Clay made a big fat bullfrog .
" You 're funny , Amelia Bedelia , " said Clay . " You could be the teacher 's pet . " Amelia Bedelia was not happy . She loved animals , but she did not want to be anyone 's pet . She felt like flattening Clay 's frog .
" If you have trouble , chickadees , " said Miss Edwards , " try wriggling your fingers on that clay ! "
So that is exactly what Amelia Bedelia did . Soon Clay was laughing so hard he could not stop . " Amelia Bedelia ! " said Clay . " Stop tickling me ! "
At last it was time for lunch . " Do you feel like a sloppy Joe ? " asked the lady behind the lunch counter . " No ! " said Amelia Bedelia . " Do I look like one ? " " Here you are , " said the lady . " I hope your eyes are n't bigger than your stomach . " " Me too , " said Amelia Bedelia . " They would not fit in my head . "
" Amelia Bedelia , " said Rose after lunch . " Do you want to jump rope with us ? " Amelia Bedelia smiled . " Sure ! " she said . She put the rope on the ground and jumped over it .
Amelia Bedelia was a terrific rope jumper . Rose giggled . So did Holly and Dawn and Joy . But before long , everyone on the playground was jumping rope the Amelia Bedelia way !
There was time for one last project . Miss Edwards brought out big sheets of paper , glue , and scissors . " This is free time , " she said . " Create something wonderful ! "
Amelia Bedelia decided to make daisies for her mother . She got a piece of white paper for the petals . And a piece of yellow paper for the centers . And another piece of white paper . And another piece of yellow paper .
" Amelia Bedelia , " said Miss Edwards . " Do n't be a Ping - Pong ball . Please sit down . " " But . . .but . . .I need green for the stems ! " " Enough is enough , " said Miss Edwards . " Please glue yourself to your seat . "
So Amelia Bedelia did . And since her daisies did n't have stems , she glued them to her headband until the school day ended .
" Good - bye , squirrels and ladybugs ! " said Miss Edwards . She was standing in the doorway , giving everyone a gold star . " See you tomorrow ! " Soon , Amelia Bedelia was the only one left .
" Amelia Bedelia , " said Miss Edwards , " why are you still here ? " " Because , " said Amelia Bedelia , " you told me to glue myself to my seat . " " So I did , " said Miss Edwards . " And so I did , " said Amelia Bedelia .
Amelia Bedelia stood up , and the chair stood up with her ! Miss Edwards chuckled , then laughed out loud . " Oh , Amelia Bedelia , " Miss Edwards said . " I should have known better than to say that to you , especially on your first day of school . "
As Miss Edwards got Amelia Bedelia unstuck , she whispered , " Want to know a secret ? Today is my first day of school , too . I am a brand new teacher . " " We both deserve gold stars , " said Amelia Bedelia . " You 'll have lots of fun tomorrow , " said Miss Edwards . " We are having an assembly . " " Hooray ! " said Amelia Bedelia . " What are we going to build ? "
" Memories , " said Miss Edwards . Then she tapped Amelia Bedelia once on the very top of her head . " Tag ! " said Miss Edwards . " You are IT until tomorrow . " Amelia Bedelia smiled . She could n't wait to come back to school !

Amelia Bedelia was excited . Tonight was her very first sleepover . All the girls in her class were going to Rose 's house for a slumber party .
Amelia Bedelia and her mother drove to Rose 's house . " Is a slumber party fun ? " asked Amelia Bedelia . " Because sleeping is boring . " " You might not sleep much , " said her mother . " You will play , eat pizza , paint nails . . . "
" Do we paint the nails and then hammer them ? " Asked Amelia Bedelia . " Or do we hammer them first ? " Amelia Bedelia 's mother laughed . " You 'll have fun , sweetie , " she said . " I promise . "
When Amelia Bedelia arrived , the front door swung open . Her friends ran out to greet her . Rose 's mother cam outside , too .
" Good luck , " said Amelia Bedelia 's mom . " I Think I 'll need it ! " said Rose 's mother . " I am a light sleeper . "
" Me too , " said Amelia Bedelia . She reached into her backpack and pulled out her flashlight . " I sleep with this light every night . "
The girls played board games . Amelia Bedelia had worried that she would be bored , but she was not .
Next , everyone went outside and played tag until the sun began to set .
" The pizza is here ! " called Rose 's father . " Come and get it ! " " And for dessert , " said Rose 's mother , " we will toast marshmallows and make s'mores . "
" Wo n't that wreck your toaster ? " asked Amelia Bedelia . " Marshmallows melt into gooey , blobby . . . " Rose ' 's father laughed . " We 'll toast them on the grill , " he said .
After many more s'mored , the girls went inside the house . They put on their pajamas , but it was not time to slumber yet .
Rose brought out bottles of glittery nail polish in more colors than the rainbow . Every color had the perfect name .
Heather painted Amelia Bedelia 's nails with " Shamrock Green " on her left hand , " Blue Iceberg " on her right hand , and " Banana Sunrise " on her right foot .
She saved her left foot for " Cotton Candy Cupcake . " Amelia Bedelia sighed and said , " I 'm so happy we do n't have to hammer them ! "
Too soon , the clock struck ten . " Bedtime , girls ! " said Rose 's mother . " Lights out , and no giggling allowed ! " Oh well , thought Amelia Bedelia . Here comes the slumber part of this slumber party .
Off went the lights and lamps . On went Amelia Bedelia 's flashlight . She showed her friends how to make shadow puppets on the wall .
One by one , the girls fell asleep . All except Amelia Bedelia . She was not one bit sleepy . She made a rabbit .
Then a barking dog . Then an elephant with a trunk to grab . . .Oops ! Her flashlight went out . " Oh , no , " said Amelia Bedelia . What light would keep her company now ?
Then Amelia Bedelia noticed a very bright light peeking into the family room . She pulled back the curtains . A full moon shone down on her . Now there was too much light !
Amelia Bedelia dragged her sleeping bad under Rose 's Ping - Pong table . Perfect throughout Amelia Bedelia . Now I am having a sleepover and a sleep under .
Amelia Bedelia snuggled down into her cozy sleeping bag . She gazed up at the moon . She had heard people say that there was a amnion the moon . She 'd never seen him , until tonight .
He looked just like her dad . Amelia Bedelia closed her eyes . A second later , she was sound asleep .
The next morning , the girls had a pillow fight .
Then they made chocolate chip pancakes and helped dot clean up the mess .
Amelia Bedelia 's dad picked her up . " Nice nails , " said her father . " Thanks , moon man , " said Amelia Bedelia . " Huh ? " said her father . " You sound like you need to take a nap . " And so Amelia Bedelia did , all the way home .

It was a cool , crisp morning in November . Amelia Bedelia and Cousin Alcolu brought a visitor to school . " May I help you ? " asked a woman . " I hope so , " said Amelia Bedelia . " The principal , Mrs. Bloom , wants a pumpkin for your Thanksgiving pageant . "
" Are you Amelia Bedelia ? " said the woman . " That 's me , " said Amelia Bedelia . " And this is Cousin Alcolu . " " Hello there , " said the woman . " Mrs. Bloom asked me to meet you . I am Mrs. Carson , the acting principal . " " You convinced me , " said Amelia Bedelia . " Will you play a principal in the pageant ? "
" I am not playing a part , " said Mrs. Carson . " I am the principal until Mrs. Bloom returns . " " Where did she go ? " as Cousin Alcolu . " Flu , " said Mrs. Carson . " Flew ? " said Amelia Bedelia . " Where did she fly ? " " She did not catch a plane , " said Mrs. Carson . " She caught a virus . Every third - grade teacher is out sick . " " That 's awful , " said Cousin Alcolu
" It gets worse , " said Mrs. Carson . " The third graders are supposed to put on the Thanksgiving pageant in a few days . I 'm afraid we 'll have to cancel it . " " I 'd be happy to help the , " said Amelia Bedelia . " You would ? What a relief ! " said Mrs. Carson . " Can I help out , too " said Cousin Alcolu . " I 'm really handy and building things . " " This is wonderful , " said Mrs. Carson . " Let 's go to the auditorium . I will introduce you to the children . " On the way , Mrs. Carson showed off the artwork .
" A few students are absent , " Mrs. Carson said . " Others are new or need parts . You 'll just have to juggle them around . "
The stage was filled with third graders . " Attention everyone , " said Mrs. Carson . " Gather around and meet Amelia Bedelia . She is here to help you rehearse your play . Listen to her and do exactly what she says . "
The kids stared at Amelia Bedelia . " You all look nice , " said Amelia Bedelia . " But why are you wearing costumes now ? The pageant is a couple of days away . " " This is a dress rehearsal , " said a boy . " Is that so , " said Amelia Bedelia . " Then why are n't you wearing a dress ? " Everyone giggled .
" Because I play Myles Standish , " said the boy . " But you look more like a Pilgrim than I do . " " Thank you for saying that , " said Amelia Bedelia . " You make me feel right at home . " " There is one difference , " said a girl . " Your shoes do n't have buckles . " She knelt down and put a pair of buckles on Amelia Bedelia 's shoes .
" How pretty , " said Amelia Bedelia . " They remind me of a nursery rhyme . It goes ' One , two , buckle my show . ' Now I finally understand it . " " We should practice our lines , " said the girl . " Good idea , " said Amelia Bedelia . " Who want 's to go first ? " " I should , " said a boy . " I am the narrator . " He turned toward the empty seats and began to read .
" Wait a minute , " said Amelia Bedelia . " While you talk , the rest of the children can practice their lines . Line up , everybody . " In no time at all , Amelia Bedelia had lined up all of the third graders . There was a line of boy Pilgrim , a line of girl Pilgrims , a line of boy Indians , and a line of girl Indians . " You sure know your lines ! " said Amelia Bedelia .
A boy walked up and said , " May I have a different part ? " Amelia Bedelia looked at his hair . " You sure can , " she said . She took a hairbrush out of her purse . She parted his hair down the middle . " That 's a much better part , " said Amelia Bedelia .
" I need an important part , " said a girl . " My mom told me to play a big role . " Amelia Bedelia though a moment and said , " There were lots of hungry Pilgrims and Indians . Tell your mom that you 'll play a very big roll . I will make a special costume . " Thanks , " said the girl . " She will be happy . "
" I was not given anything to do , " said a boy . " Any suggestions ? " asked Amelia Bedelia . " My dad says I 'm a big ham , " he said . " That 's too bad , " said Amelia Bedelia . " Thanksgiving is for turkeys , not hams . You could star in the Easter pageant . " " Easter is months away ! " said the boy . " You 've got a point , " said Amelia Bedelia . " Let 's add ham to our Thanksgiving menu . I will make you a special costume , too . "
Amelia Bedelia looked at everyone 's costumes . Something was missing . " Ah - ha ! " she said . " Who is going to be the turkey ? Raise your wing so I can see you . " " Tome was our turkey , " said a girl . " But he got sick and went home . " " Flu ? " asked Cousin Alcolu . " No , " said the girl . " He walked . " " Yeah , " said a boy . " Turkey 's ca n't fly . That 's why they wind up on the table . "
" Wild turkeys can fly , " said a tall girl . " They are also very smart birds . " " Who are you ? " asked Amelia Bedelia . " My name is Diana , " said the girl . " That 's the new kid , " said a boy . " She 's the biggest turkey I ever saw . " A couple of kids laughed . Amelia Bedelia ignored them .
" Well , Diana , " said Amelia Bedelia , " since you know so much about turkeys , how would you like to be one ? I"ll make you an extra - special costume . " The kids who had laughed were n't laughing now . " Great ! " said Diana . " I 'll be your turkey . "
Amelia Bedelia measured Diana for her costume . " After you get dressed , " she said , " you 'll need some stuffing . " " Every turkey does , " said Diana . " Say do you know the difference between stuffing and dressing ? "
" I 'm not sure , " said Amelia Bedelia . " There is a dressing room over there . I wonder where the stuffing room is ? " ONe of the PIlgrim girls spoke up . " Stuffing is the stuff you stuff inside the turkey . Dressing is just extra stuff that could n't be stuffed in . " " Why , thank you ! " said Amelia Bedelia . " All I know is that after Thanksgiving , I am the one who feels stuffed . " " Me too , " said Diana .
" Hey , Cousin Alcolu , " said Amelia Bedelia . " Can you build an oven to roast the turkey ? " " That 's not how the Pilgrims cooked , " said a girl . " Their turkey was spit - roasted . " " Yuck ! " said Amelia Bedelia . " WHo wants to eat a turkey roasted in spit ? " A boy laughed , and then he explained . " They did n't cook the turkey in spit . They cooked the turkey on a spit . " He showed them a picture in a history book .
Another boy wheeled out a cart . " Gangway ! " he said . " When they talk about the harvest , I 'll come out the show our crops . "
" Good work , " said Cousin Alcolu . " Can you manage that huge pumpkin ? " " I think so , " said the boy . " Pumpkins are just a big type of squash . " " Be careful , " said Amelia Bedelia . " That pumpkin weighs more than you do . I 'd hate for it to squash you . "
" I almost forgot , " said a girl . " We need to make sweet potatoes , too . " " Potatoes are n't sweet , " said Amelia Bedelia . " They can be , " said a boy . " My grandma makes them taste like candy . " " I know what I 'll do , " said Amelia Bedelia . " I 'll make a batch of french fries and sprinkle them with sugar . " " Sounds yummy , " said Cousin Alcolu .
For the next few days , Amelia Bedelia solved problems , big and small . Cousin Alcolu built props just the way she told him to .
Finally , it was the day of the pageant . The auditorium was filled with families , friends , teachers , and other students . Best of all , the third - grade teachers and principal felt well enough to come . Mr. and Mrs. Rogers showed up to see if Amelia Bedelia needed help .
" Pardon me , " said Mr. Rogers . " You look like someone who used to work at my house . " " I still do , " said Amelia Bedelia . " Do n't I ? " " He 's just teasing , " said Mrs. Rogers . " I deserve it , " said Amelia Bedelia . " I 've spent so much time with the kids . Thank you for coming to see the pageant . "
The two principals joined them . " Amelia Bedelia is amazing , " said Mrs. Carson . " I did n't have to worry about the pageant at all . " " Hope you like our changes , " said Amelia Bedelia . " Changes ? " asked Mrs. Bloom . " What changes ? " " Some improvements , " said Amelia Bedelia . " We brought the Thanksgiving story up to date . " Now both principals looked very worried .
" Please excuse me , " said Amelia Bedelia . " Cousin Alcolu and I are the only stagehands . We have to get everything ready . " " Good luck , " said Mrs. Rogers . " Break a leg ! " said Mr. Rogers . Amelia Bedelia stopped in her tracks . " You must really be mad at me , if you want me to break a leg , " she said .
" Of course not , " said Mr. Rogers . " That is a tradition in the theater . Saying ' Break a leg ' means ' good luck . ' " " That 's wacky , " said Amelia Bedelia . " ' Break a leg ' sounds like good luck for the emergency room . "
Backstage , the third graders were nervous . " Everybody relax , " said Amelia Bedelia . " You 've rehearsed . You know what to do . Go out there and have some fun . " " We 'll have fun afterward , " said a girl . " The parents are giving us a cast party . " " A cast party ? " said Amelia Bedelia . " That reminds me - nobody break a leg . "
The children took their places . The lights went down . The curtains went up . The audience applauded politely . The narrator walked out and began , " In the year 1620 , the
The ship ran into Plymouth Rock . " There we are , " said Myles Standish . " This is the right address . 1620 Plymouth Rock . Follow me ! " Ka - RUNCH !
Ker - THUNK ! When he jumped onto Plymouth Rock , the whole thing collapsed . " Hey ! " said a girl . " You 're supposed to land on Plymouth Rock , not flatten it ! " In the audience , Mr. Rogers began to laugh . An elbow from Mrs. Rogers cured him of that . The narrator continued . " The Pilgrims suffered many hardships . The winder was bitterly cold . "
Cousin Alcolu stood on a ladder . To represent winter , he dangled a large snowflake he had built . " The snow was deep , " said the narrator . " Big flakes fell on Plymouth Colony . " Just then , Cousin Alcolu lost his grip . Kee - LUNCK ! The snowflake hit the stage and rolled away . " That was so cool ! " yelled a fourth grader . " Yeah , " shouted another . " The snow really fell ! " Even some parents applauded .
The narrator continued , " When spring came , the Pilgrims planted corn and other crops with the help of their Indian friend Squanto . He showed the Pilgrims a neat trick . If you plant corn with some fish , it will fertilize the seed and grow better corn . "
A chorus of Pilgrims chanted , " Five , six , pant with fish sticks . " As the Pilgrims put in the fish sticks , Squanto explained to the audience , " You 're supposed to use real fish , but that would stick up the whole school . "
As the Pilgrims watered the corn , Amelia Bedelia slowly pulled on a string . Corn appeared to grow up to the sky . In the audience , a child yelled out , " Look - those fish sticks really work ! "
The narrator continued , " The Pilgrims took good care of their crops . Squanto taught them how to fish and hunt . " " Working together , " said the narrator , " they gathered enough meat and fish to last through the coming winter . "
Backstage , Amelia Bedelia stood on a ladder . " She flung colored leaves to show it was fall . Suddenly , she lost her balance . The ladder tipped over and ... SQUONCH !
Luckily , the pumpkin broke her fall . " Uh - oh ! " said Amelia Bedelia . " I squashed Cousin Alcolu 's squash . " The boy in charge of the cart did not notice Amelia Bedelia . He wheeled it out on stage .
The narrator continued , " When autumn arrived , the Pilgrims harvested corn , beans , and squash . They also gathered nuts . " Mr Rogers saw Amelia Bedelia being pulled out of the pumpkin . He said to Mrs. Rogers , " That is one big nut , all right . I hope she did n't break her leg . " They were relieved to see Amelia Bedelia tiptoe offstage .
" In fact , " said the narrator , " the Pilgrims had so much food that they decided to ahve feast to celebrate and give thanks . " As they pretended to cook , a chorus of Pilgrim girls sang , " Seven , eight , set out the plates . Nine , ten , invite our Indian friends . "
" They cooked and cooked , " said the narrator , " and never used a microwave . " The audience clapped . " Since that first Thanksgiving lasted for three days , there were n't any leftovers . " The audience clapped louder .
" Pilgrims and Indians competed in games . But win or lose , they were all good sports . " The audience clapped .
" There was plenty of food , " said the narrator . A Large Rolled stepped out onstage . A Big Hame joined her . They both got plenty of applause . Their parents were very proud . " HI MOM " " HI DAD "
" Of course , " said the narrator , " there was a ton of turkey . " When Diana made her entrance , the audience went wild . " Uh - oh , " said Amelia Bedelia to herself . " Diana looks pretty nervous . I 'll bet she forgot what to say . "
Amelia Bedelia called out from backstage . " Pssst , Diana , " she whispered loudly . " You 're supposed to say ' Gobble gobble ! ' Say   ' Gobble gobble ! ' " All the other kids heard Amelia Bedelia . They though she was talking to them . They did exactly what she told them to do . GOBBLE GOBBLE .
GOBBLE ! GOBBLE ! GOBBLE ! GOBBLE ! The whole audience joined in . It sounded like a flock of turkeys had been let loose in the school .
Two children carried out a giant wishbone . As they snapped it , the entire cast hollered , " We wish you a Happy Thanksgiving ! " As Diana turned around to watch , she lost her balance and fell off the stage .
She fell right into the arms of Mrs. Carson . The audience thought it was part of the play . They stood up and clapped loudly . BRAVO ! HOORAY ! YAY !
The cast party was great fun . Amelia Bedelia 's sweet potatoes were a hit . So was Diana . All the kids surrounded her .
The boy who had called her a turkey said , " Diana , you deserve a new nickname . We 'd like to call you Wings , because you winged it and flew off the stage . What do you say ? " Diana nodded , smiled , and said , " Gobble gobble ! " GOBBLE ! GOBBLE !
Mrs. Bloom and Mrs. Carson joined the party . " Hi , Mrs. Carson , " said Amelia Bedelia . " Thank you for acting in the pageant . " " I made a lucky catch , " said Mrs. Carson . " Sometimes an acting principal has to act fast . " " I 'm glad you did , " said Diana . " I almost got the stuffing knocked out of me . "
" Amelia Bedelia , " said Mrs. Bloom , " this Thanksgiving , I am thankful for you and Cousin Alcolu . " " I am thankful , too , " said Amelia Bedelia . " I am thankful that no one broke a leg . " " Or a drumstick , " said Cousin Alcolu . " Well done , " said Mr. Rogers . " I am thankful for both of you . This is the first Thanksgiving pageant I 've been to that was n't a turkey . "
Mrs. Rogers noticed that the pumpkin 's blue ribbon was stuck on Amelia Bedelia . She plucked it off a and put it on Diana . " Congratulations , " she said . " You 're a prize - winning pair . "
On their way home , Mr. Rogers said , " Thanksgiving is my favorite holiday . I look forward to carving the turke . " Amelia Bedelia was very impressed . She had no idea he was a sculptor .
" I love Thanksgiving , too , " said Mrs. Rogers . " No presents to buy , wrap , or return . " " That 's true , " said Amelia Bedelia . " It 's all about family and food . I 've got a new recipe for sweet potatoes . "
" I ca n't wait to try it , " said Mr. Rogers . " You 're a Thanksgiving expert by now . " Not yet , " said Amelia Bedelia . " There is one thing I was wondering . When you count your blessings , and you run out of fingers , is it okay to use your toes ? "
Mr. and Mrs. Rogers looked at each other . Neither of them spoke for a while . Then Mrs. Rogers said , " Yes , of course . " Mr. Rogers added , " That 's what we do . " He pulled into their driveway . " Home , sweet home , " said Amelia Bedelia .

Amelia Bedelia was so excited about her class field trip to Fairview Farm ! " We learned about farms in school , " said Amelia Bedelia 's teacher , Miss Edwards . " And today we 're on a real farm with real farmers . Say hello to Mr. and Mrs. Dinkins ! "
" Welcome to Fairview Farm , " said Mr. Dinkins . " I 'll take you to see the animals , and then Mrs. Dinkins will show you her garden . She 's got a green thumb . Now , who wants to meet some chickens ? " " We do ! " hollered the whole class .
While everyone followed Mr. Dinkins to the chicken coop , Amelia Bedelia stood very still and looked at Mrs. Dinkins . She had never seen a green thumb before , and she wondered which hand it was on . What colors were the other fingers ? Did Mrs. Dinkins have a pink pinky ?
" Hey , daydreamer ! " called Mr. Dinkins . " Shake a leg ! " Amelia Bedelia looked at her legs . " Which one ? " she asked . " Which one what ? " said Mr. Dinkins . " You said ' shake a leg , ' " said Amelia Bedelia . " Right , " said Mr. Dinkins . So Amelia Bedelia shook her right leg and ran to catch up with her class .
The big rooster perched on top of the chicken coop was making a racket . " What a loudmouth ! " said Heather as she covered her ears . " Roosters do n't have mouths , " said Amelia Bedelia . " He is a loud beak . " " That 's Max , and he is our alarm clock , " said Mr. Dinkins as he poured cracked corn into a feeder . " We go to bed with the chickens and wake up with Max . " Amelia Bedelia was sure glad she did n't have to share her bed with chickens or a rooster !
Mr. Dinkins showed everyone how to gather eggs . Some of the eggs were still warm . There were white eggs and brown eggs and speckled eggs and eggs the color of cream . " Wow , " said Holly . " The eggs match the chickens . " Amelia Bedelia discovered an unusual egg . " Look at this one , " she said . " The Easter Bunny must have left it . " " Amelia Bedelia , you crack me up , " said Clay . " Uh - oh , " said Amelia Bedelia . " I hope I do n't do that to the eggs , too . "
" Is it true , " asked Mrs. Edwards , " that if a chicken eats something green , like broccoli , that she 'll lay a green egg ? " Gosh , thought Amelia Bedelia , what if a chicken ate a grape ? Or a tomato ? Or a candy cane ? " Actually , " said Mr. Dinkins , " the color of the eggshell depends on the type of chicken . What they eat makes the yolk lighter or darker . Our hens eat good things , so their yolks are bright yellow like the sun . "
The next stop was the dairy barn . " This is Sunshine , my favorite cow , " said Mr. Dinkins . " Who 'd like to milk her ? "
Everyone took a turn milking Sunshine . It was tricky work ! " Nice shot , Wade ! " said Teddy , laughing . " Mooooo ! " said Sunshine .
" We have twenty dairy cows , four horses , a herd of goats , and a litter of pigs , " said Mr. Dinkins , as he led the class on a tour of the barnyard . " Look , " said Amelia Bedelia . " That baby horse has a ponytail , just like Rose ! " " A baby horse is called a foal , " said Miss Edwards . " She 's still learning to walk . "
" Miss Edwards , " said Mr. Dinkins , pointing at the baby goats . " Do your kids ever act like these kids ? " " They sure do , " said Miss Edwards . " But only at recess . " " Here 's our litter , " said Mr. Dinkins . Amelia Bedelia did n't see any trash - just ten piglets eating . " Those little piggies went to lunch , " said Penny . " So should we , " said Mr. Dinkins .
Mrs. Dinkins was waiting for them under an enormous oak tree . She gave every student a chore to do , and soon everyone was helping to get lunch ready . Angel , Teddy , and Clay wiped down the picnic tables . Cliff , Daisy , and Dawn swept off the benches . Wade , Rose , and Heather folded napkins .
Holly , Joy , and Penny filled the water glasses . Chip , Skip , and Pat passed out cheese and bread . " Hmm , " said Miss Edwards . " Where is Amelia Bedelia ? " " I asked her to toss the salad , " said Mrs. Dinkins . " Oh dear , " said Miss Edwards .
By the time Miss Edwards found Amelia Bedelia , the salad bowl was empty . " Where did you toss the salad ? " asked Miss Edwards . " I tossed it all over , " said Amelia Bedelia .
" over there . And over there and there and there . "
After everyone had worked together to make a new salad , the class had lunch . Then Mr. and Mrs. Dinkins took them to the hay barn . They each got to sit on a real tractor . And they lined up to take turns on the rope swing . Guess who was brave enough to go first ? " Hey ! Look out ! " said Holly .
" Look out , hay ! " shouted Amelia Bedelia , who landed in a big , bouncy pile . Mr. Dinkins yawned . " I 'd like to hit they hay , too , " he said . " Have a quick nap , dear , " said Mrs. Dinkins . " We 'll go to the garden . "
On the way to the garden , Mrs. Dinkins told the class that potatoes sprout eyes , corn has ears , and lettuce grows a head . Her vegetables came to life for Amelia Bedelia .
" What was that ? " Chip asked . Mrs. Dinkins looked at what he had stepped on by mistake . " That 's a squash , " she said . " It is now , " said Amelia Bedelia . " It is totally squashed . "
While Chip cleaned his shoe , Mrs. Dinkins talked about plants . " We make sure they get plenty of water and sunshine , " she said . " This year I planted all sorts of beans - string beans , lima beans , wax beans , sscarlet runner beans , soybeans ... " Amelia Bedelia raised her hand . " Do you grow jelly beans ? " she asked . " Well , " said Mrs. Dinkins , laughing , " I 've never tried to grow a jelly bean , but I 'll show you how jelly grows . Follow me . "
" Welcome to my berry patch , " said Mrs. Dinkins . " Help yourself ! I pick the berries and cook them down for jams and jellies . " As Amelia Bedelia reached for a raspberry , she got snagged on throns . When Mrs. Dinkins untangled her , Amelia Bedelia saw her thumbs . " Mrs. Dinkins , " she said , " your thumbs are n't one bit green ! " Mrs. Dinkins smiled . " If you 're good at growing things , folks say you have a green thumb . But you 've got to get your hands dirty first . "
Getting dirty sounded like great fun to Amelia Bedelia . " Here , try these blueberries , " said Mrs. Dinkins . " But only pick the blue ones . If a blueberry is red , then it is green . Unripe berries can give you a tummyache . " How can a berry be blue , red , and green at the same time ? Amelia Bedelia wondered . " Thank you , " she said . " But I prefer strawberries . When they are red , they 're great ! "
It was a long and exciting day at Fairview Farm , but finally it was time to say good - bye . " Will the bus be here soon ? " asked Amelia Bedelia . " Actually , we will be picked up in carpools . " " Goody , " said Amelia Bedelia . " I could use a swim . "
" We 're mighty glad you came to visit , " said Mr. Dinkins . " We have surprise souvenirs for each one of you . " Mrs. Dinkins held out a handful of seeds . " Plant these , " she said . " Water them well and give them lots of sunlight . Then one day you 'll have pumpkins . " " Pumpkins ! " The class yelled . " Hooray for Fairview Farm ! "
The next day , Amelia Bedelia 's class drew pictures for Mr. and Mrs. Dinkins . Miss Edwards wrote a thank you note and they all signed it . Then they got busy planting their pumpkin seeds .
Everyone got a seed and filled a cup with soil . " How deep should we plant it ? " asked Joy . " This deep , " said Amelia Bedelia , plunging her thumb into the dirt . She dropped her seed in the hole she 'd made and covered it up . The rest of the class did the same .
" Look , " said Amelia Bedelia . " I 've got a brown thumb ! " " That 's a start , " said Miss Edwards . " I 'm sure it will turn green in no time ! "
And it certainly did .

It is a sunny day .
Amy runs through the grass .
The sun shines on the grass and makes it warm .
The warm grass is soft on Amy 's bare toes .
The sun shines on the flowers . Yellow dandelions , white daisies .
The daisies have yellow centers .
Amy picks four dandelions and one daisy .
There is a bumblebee . He is smelling the flowers .
Amy smells the flowers too .
The flowers smell like sunshine .
Oh ! Amy 's nose is yellow from the dandelion !
There is a caterpillar on the daisy .
It is soft and fuzzy . Its fuzz feels so warm in the sun .
Amy gives Mommy the flowers .
Thank you , Amy .
Mommy will put the dandelions in water .
And we can put the daisy in Amy 's hair .

There is an owl in the woods .
There is an owl in the tree .
There is an owl in the window .
There is an owl in the grass .
There is an owl in the flowers .
There is an owl in the snow .
There is an owl in the sky . Fly , fly , fly !

The sun 's morning light trickled down through the water to the entrance of a cave . An Octopus sleeping inside the cave could feel the life energy of the sun touch his face .
He took a deep breath and opened his eyes . He stretched his body and ventured outside of his home . Just in front of his cave was a seashell rock garden that he had created . Each morning he would begin his day by eating breakfast in his special garden as he watched he ocean come alive in the morning sun .
This morning the garden looked different . Durning the night , lobsters traveling across the ocean floor had bumped into his seashells and rocks . Everything was knocked over and out of order . The Octopus was not happy . In fact , he was very angry .
The more he looked at the mess the worse he felt . He got madder and madder and he felt his body get tighter and tighter . His muscles were tense and his stomach was rumbling like a volcano . He looked around at his ruined garden and his face started to turn red with anger . He knew what was happening to his and he did not know how to stop it . He was so angry that he thought he might explode ... and , he did .
The angry Octopus lost his temper , and as he screamed and yelled he released a purplish - black cloud of ink into the water around him . He felt frustrated and out of control . He did n't feel like he was the boss of his own body of feelings , and now he could n't see through the dark ink cloud surrounding him .
A sea child swimming by the cave saw the cloud of anger and confusion and stopped to speak to the Octopus . " Why are you so angry ? Why are you sitting in a dark cloud on such a beautiful day ? " The Octopus answered that he did n't know why he always did this when he got angry , but he did know that it did n't feel good to lose his temper and it always made his problem get worse .
The sea child giggled and said , " I will show you how to be the boss of your body and your anger . I will show you how to calm down , let go of your anger , and see things more clearly . " " Lie down on your back and wiggle yourself into a comfortable position . Feel the sand moving around your body as you snuggle in . Now close your eyes and take a deep breath . Breathe in through your nose and let the air out of your mouth ... " Ahhh ...
" Now tighten your toes and feet . Squeeze them as tight as you can . Squeeze them into a tight ball . " Hold , hold , hold ...
Ahhh ... " Now let the air out of your mouth ... and let your toes and feet relax . " Surprisingly enough , the Octopus felt his toes and feet relax .
The sea child continued . " Tighten your legs tight as you can . Squeeze them as tight as you can . " Hold , hold , hold ...
Ahhh ... " Now let the air out of your mouth ... and let your legs stretch out gently as you let the angry , tight feelings start to slip away . " The Octopus felt his legs stretch out on the cool sand as he let the angry feelings leave his body .
The sea child continued . " Tighten your hips , stomach and back . Squeeze them as tight as you can . " Hold , hold , hold ..
Ahhh ... " Now let the air out of your mouth ... and let your back , stomach and hips melt into the sand beneath you . " The Octopus felt his body melting into the soft sand beneath him . The rumbling in his stomach became quiet and was now replaced with calm air as he felt his breath move in and out , in and out , in and out .
The sea child continued . " Tighten the muscled in your chest , your neck and shoulders . Squeeze them as tight as you can . " Hold , hold , hold ...
Ahhh ... " Now let the air out of your mouth .. and feel all that tension in your chest , neck and shoulders drift away . " The Octopus felt the tension leave his chest , neck and shoulders , and drift away .
The sea child continued . " Tighten your arms , hands and fingers . Squeeze them as tight as you can . Squeeze them into a tight ball . " Hold , hold , hold ...
Ahhh ... " Now let the air out of your mouth ... and let your arms , hands and fingers unfold . " The Octopus felt his hands open and the last of his anger float away .
The sea child continued . " Tighten your jaw , your lips and your nose . Crunch up your whole face . Squeeze them as tight as you can . " Hold , hold , hold ...
Ahhh ... " Now let the air out of your mouth ... and let your face and skin soften . The Octopus felt his skin soften . The Octopus enjoyed how relaxed he felt . He focused on how his breath was moving in and out , in and out , in and out , filling his belly with warm happy air . He felt relaxed and peaceful .
The sea child continued . " Tighten and wrinkle the skin on your forehead and the thought in your head . Squeeze them as tight as your can . " Hold , hold , hold ...
Ahhh ... " Now let the air out of your mouth ... and let your forehead and mind become smooth and clear and still . "
The Octopus stayed very still for the next few moments . He realized that he was now the boss of his own body and feelings . He felt his breath moving in and out , in and out , in and out touching every cell of his body . He felt good .
After a few moments , the Octopus opened his eyes . His mood had shifted and the color of his body had returned to a warm shade of brown . He felt calm , balanced , and comfortable in his own skin . The dark cloud that had surrounded the Octopus was gone . The ever moving ocean had replaced it with pure blue water . In this calm , still moment he realized that he could see things more clearly . He realized the he could solve his problem without being angry . With a little help he could fix his seashell rock garden .
The Octopus asked the sea child if she would help him . Together they worked and laughed as they created a new seashell rock garden that was more beautiful than anything he ever imagined .   Being the boss of his angry feelings helped the Octopus to make a new friend . Being calm helped him to see new possibilities . It helped him to think clearly .
Now , whenever the octopus feel like he is going to explode with anger , he takes a deep breath ... ahhh . He tells himself that he is the boss of himself . He remembers the being calm helped him to fix his garden and make a new friend . He smiles at how much better he feels , as he feels his breath move in and out , in and out , in and out , in and out , in and out , in and out ...

A cheetah is an animal star .   It is very fast !
A sloth is an animal star .   It is very slow !
A whale is an animal star .   It is very big !
A mouse is an animal star .   It is very small !
A rabbit is an animal star .   It is very soft !
A turtle is an animal star .   It is very hard !
A peacock is an animal star .   It is very beautiful !   Wow !

There 's an animal strike at the zoo . It 's true ! The headlines are telling it all . The animals quit . " That 's it ! " " We 're through ! " Say all critters from biggest to small .
" we 're paid only peanuts ! " the elephants shout . " And goodness , we 're bigger than that . " So now they wo n't trumpet or lumber about . They sit in the shade looking fat .
The monkey wo n't monkey around anymore . " You wo n't see us climbing again ! "
They wallow like big monkey lumps on the floor . " We want a nice pool in our pen ! "
The leopards are n't prowling . The wolf packs are n't howling . The tiger are n't growling .
The otters are scowling . EGAD ! The worst has come true . There 's an animal strike at the zoo !
The zebras are looking like horses today . They Painted their stripes in , you see . " We 're all sick and tired of eating this hay ! Our good looks do NOT come for free ! "
Those silly giraffes are not any better . " You wo n't see our necks anymore ! " They 're knitting themselves lots of turtleneck sweaters , Which go from their heads to the floor !
Business these days is as slow as can be . Folks go to the circus instead . Nobody wants to pay money to see the animals lying in bed !
THe lions are n't roaring . The eagles are n't soaring . The penguins are snoring . It 's all rather boring . What can the zookeeper do ? There 's an animal strike at the zoo !
He really is doing the best that he can . The elephants all got a raise .
Instead of just peanuts they now eat pecans , and he offered them six - hour days .
The monkeys were given a small kiddy pool , and he 's feeding the zebras sweet oats .
But the monkeys complain that the water is cool , and the zebras demand root - beer floats !
Blank
Then in through the gate walks sweet little Sue . She just ca n't believe that she 's here ! She 's always wanted to come to the zoo , and she 's begged for this trip for a year .
But .. no birdies are peeping . No lizards are creeping . No bunnies are leaping .
Then poor Sue starts weeping . Here heart is broken in two …  by the animal strike at the zoo !
As tears start to streak down her cute , rosy face , The animals watch that wee child . A deep hush of sadness falls over the place ...
and then they TOTALLY WILD !
With roaring and peeping and howling and growling , all critters from biggest to small start soaring and creeping and leaping and prowling …  then little Sue laughs at them all !
And all the animals find out that day they actually like what they do . The zookeeper calls the repeaters to say , " Hurray ! No more strike at the zoo ! "
But the bear at the circus wo n't pedal his bike . Uh - oh . He says he 's on strike .

The days grow short . The nights grow long . It is getting colder . Winter is coming .
Leaves have fallen from the trees . There are no berries on the bushes . Insects are gone . The grass is dead and brown .
Birds and other animals are getting ready for winter . Some of the birds will fly south . Bluebirds and orioles go toward the south .
They go where it is warm and sunny and where there is food for them to eat . When spring comes , the birds will make the long journey back north . They migrate .
Some butterflies migrate , too . That is what the monarch butterflies do .
They gather in a tree by the hundreds before cold weather comes . They stay in the tree all night . In the morning , they fly toward their winter homes in the south .
Many bats fly south , too . But some bats stay in the north all winter . When the weather gets cold , they go to a cave . There is no wind or snow in the cave . The bats sleep there all winter .
They do not eat . They live on fat stored inside them . They do not move . They hardly breathe . They sleep , sleep , sleep . They hibernate .
Woodchucks hibernate , too . When fall comes , a woodchuck eats and eats and eats . He eats grass , twigs , and leaves . He grows fat . When it gets cold , the woodchuck crawls into his long tunnel and goes to sleep .
Secret entrance   Sleeping chamber   Toilet chamber   Tunnel drops and narrows to keep out enemies   Main entrance   Mound ( sun porch & watchtower )
December January February March   Does he sleep for a day ? Longer than that . Does he sleep for a week ? Longer than that . A month ? Even longer ! A woodchuck can sleep as long as four months !
The woodchuck seems hardly alive . He breathes very slowly . His heart beats slowly . He sleeps , sleeps , sleeps . He hibernates .
Some animals do not have to hibernate . They gather food and save it for the winter .
That is what a pika does . A pika looks a little like a rabbit , but with round ears . Pikas live in high mountains where winters are long and cold . They eat grass . In summer they cut more grass than they can eat . They spread the grass on flat stones . The hot sun dries it .
By the end of summer , a pika may have gathered fifty pounds of grass . She hides it under rocks . In winter she eats the dry grass . It keeps her alive .
Squirrels gather food , too , and save it for winter . They dig holes in the ground . They bury hickory nuts and acorns .
When winter comes , they dig them up and eat them . Sometimes squirrels forget where they buried the nuts . Trees may grow from the nuts that squirrels forget .
Some animals do not get ready for winter at all . They do not store food . They do not hibernate . They do not migrate . They must hunt for food all winter long .
There are mice that must hunt all winter for seeds of goldenrod , asters , and other wild plants . Sometimes they eat farmers ' corn , oats , and wheat .
Deer must dig in the snow for dried leaves , plants , and moss . When the snow is deep , they must eat the twigs , buds , and bark of trees .
The rabbit must hunt under the snow for bits of grass and plants . When the snow is deep , he , too , eats the buds and bark of bushes so he can stay alive .
In the winter , the fox hunts for mice and rabbits .
This fox has discovered a mouse in its tunnel beneath the snow .
When the winter is cold and the snow is deep , many animals can not find food . Here are some ways you can help animals in winter .
Eventually , the days grow longer . The nights grow shorter . It begins to get warmer . Spring is coming .

Early one evening Anna was listening to the birds sing when suddenly the world became almost silent .
Anna though she heard a strange , faraway sound coming from the hilltop . It seemed to call her .
Standing on her tiptoes , Anna discovered she could reach the gate Latch .
The sound grew louder and louder as she climbed higher .
Then Anna saw him , an ancient musician playing the bagpipes with all his heart .
Frightened by the strange sound , Anna hid . Just then , the dog barked .
The piper turned , looked straight at Anna , and he smiled .
His ancient eyes sparkled as he played a bright happy   tune just for her .
As the sun set , he played a long , sad song that echoed across the valley .
When the moon rose , he stopped . Anna listened to the silence until the crickets began to sing .
Anna turned in the moonlight to wave good - bye to the bagpiper . But he was gone .
When Anna told her mother about the bagpiper , she just smiled and shook her head .
Drifting off to sleep , Anna wondered if the bagpiper had been a dream , but then she thought she heard a faint faraway sound .
And she did .

Once in a wood , by a bubbling brook , up high in an old apple tree , lived a fairy named Annie , a famous cook , who baked apple pies on TV !
She had her own show for years and years , with her best friends Pip and Cora .
Every show ended with whoops and cheers - the fairies simply adored her !
All Annie 's pies were made with care , simply , and with nothing wasted .
Whether with berries , or pecans and pears , they were the best you 've ever tasted !
Then one day the TV screens turned a little glary . In a blaze of color , a new face appeared . Sondra the Strudel Fairy ! Sondra 's style was fancy - her pies were never plain . The fairies switched to Sondra 's show , time and time again !
Pip declared , " Chef Sondra will beat us if we let her . So we must do what Sondra does . But do it much better ! "
" Sondra thinks that she 's the tops , " said Cora with a frown . " We 'll have to pull out all the stops to win back your baking crown ! "
And so , between the TV chefs , there arose a competition : to make fancy pies and be the best became each fairy 's mission .
Every pie the rivals made was fab - ul - ous - ly fashioned , with toppings and twirls so high they swayed - decoration was never rationed !
Inside Annie 's and Sondra 's homes , the sound you always heard was the clatter and clunk of gadgets , which became ever more absurd ! They had machines for cutting , slicing , peeling , dicing , flaking , shaking , beating and breaking , rolling , molding , chopping , folding , whipping , mixing , brushing , and fixing !
Soon every fairy across the land was following Sondra 's trend . Bigger , better , never bland - wherever would it end ?
The machines made every kind of thing in every shape and size . But nobody seemed to notice - not one made apple pies .
But still the gadgets pinged and popped , with whirs and purrs and clangs , until the night when everything stopped , with a flash and a deafening ...
BANG !
The fairies had a big surprise - their power had totally blown !
Feeling scared , they took to the skies and flocked to Annie 's tree home .
Pip found candles to light the scene and slippers to warm their feet , but with nothing to power their cooking machines , what would the poor fairies eat ?
Cora peered inside the pantry . Annie joined her in despair . As far as either one could see , there was nothing there ! Just apples and butter and sugar and flour .
Annie sighed and said to Sondra , " I think things got out of hand . We forgot what matters in the end , we just did n't understand . "
" Now I know what we should do : we must bake an apple pie . We 'll add a spoonful of loving - the ingredient money ca n't buy . "
The pie was made the old - fashioned way , tasting sweet , just as it should .
Sondra said , " let 's not compete , " and apple pie was back for good !
Annie and Sondra worked together and saw their friendship grow as they starred with Pip and Cora on their brand - new TV show !

Aa all aboard
Bb buddies
Cc counting
Dd drawing
Ee erasing
Ff follow the leader
Ii icky Show and Tell
Jj jumping rope
Kk kicking a ball
Ll lining up
Mm making music
Nn noisy
Oo oops ...
Pp painting
Qq quiet
Rr running races
Ss snack time
Tt tickling
Uu untangling
Vv vamoose
Ww whispering
Xx x - ing
Yy yawning
Zz zip

" Field trip day ! Hooray ! " says Jose .
" Twenty apples with our names , " says James .
" I se a tag for me , " says Lee .
" Nineteen kids get on our bus , " says Russ .
" I share with Mr. Yee , " says Lee .
" Eighteen miles till we 're there , " says Claire .
" Eight miles , turn , then go ten , " says Ben .
" Name seventeen things we might see , " says Mr. Yee .
" An apple tree ! " calls Lee .
" Sixteen steps to the gate , " says Kate .
" Hi , Farmer Applebee , " says Lee .
" Fifteen cars on a train , " says Elaine .
" Five yellow . Five gee . Five red , " says Ted .
" Fourteen cows . Moo ! Moo ! " says Sue . " That 's twelve cows plus two . "
" Thirteen ducks . Quack ! Quack ! " says Zack . " Ten white ones and three black . "
" Twelve rows of tree , " says Louise .
" And eleven hives for bees . "
" Yay ! It 's time to pick ! " says Nick .
" Easy as one , two , three , " says Lee .
" I picked small ones ! My sack will hold ten , " says Ben .
" I picked bigger ones , " says Caroline . " My sack will hold nine . " " Mine are the biggest ! " says Kate . " My sack holds only eight ! "
" My seven apples are green , " says Christine . " My six apples are red , " says Ted . " Want to trade with me ? " asks Lee .
" An apple has five holes , each with seeds inside , " says Clyde .
" There are four seasons in a year , " says Shakir . " Winter branches are bare , " says Claire . " Spring flowers bloom , pink and white , " says Dwight .
" In summer the apple grow , " says Jo . " Fall apples are ready to pick , " says Nick .
" Three apple pies for us ! " says Russ . " How many slices are there ? " asks Claire . " Two times six , plus eight , " says Kate .
" Two o'clock . Time to go , " says Jo .
" Crunch Crunch Crunch Crunch
CRUNCH ! " " One lost tooth …  for me ! " shouts Lee .
" Thanks , Farmer Applebee ! "

apple pie
bake it
cool it . dish it out
eager for it
find a crumb of it
get a taste for it
have to get a lick of it
in trouble
jump up for it
kept away from it
leave without it
miserable
not giving up
ogle it . pine for it
quietly determined
ready steady time to go for it
underneath it very nearly ...
whoops !
exit quickly
yum yum !
got to sleep and dream of it

An apple is a fruit .   It grows on an apple tree .   Apple trees grow in more parts of the world than any other fruit tree . They have been in existence for about two million years .
In the springtime , flowers called apple blossoms begin to bloom on the apple trees .
After a while the blossoms begin to die and apples start to grow .
Throughout the warm summer the little apples grow bigger and bigger .
During the late summer or early fall the apples ripen .
When the trees are loaded with ripe apples , it is harvest time .   Workers pick the apples by hand .
When winter arrives , the apple tree branches become bare .   The trees will become dormant until the next spring ...
when the trees will produce a new crop of apples !

A is for APPLES
Fox loves apples . Apples are one of the most popular fruits in the world . Every year , about 68 million tons of apples are harvested .
B is for BLOSSOMS
By late spring , apple trees are covered in blossoms , or flowers . When the blossoms fall off the trees ' branches , the fruits begin to form .
C is for CIDER
Bear makes cider by pressing apples - skins , seeds , and all - into a cloudy , pulpy juice . Cider can be served hot or cold .
D is for DECIDUOUS
Apple trees lose their leaves in the fall . This makes them deciduous trees .
E is for EATING
Fox and his friends eat raw apples , cooked apples , and dried apples . Delicious !
F is for FRUIT
An apple is a kind of fruit . Some other fruits are oranges , bananas , and grapes . Fruits contain seeds and come from flowering plants .
G is for GRAFTING
Fox attaches a branch of one kind of apple tree to a branch of another . This is called grafting . It can produce stronger , healthier trees , and tastier apples .
H is for HARVEST
Fall is harvest time , when ripe apples are picked from the trees . Apple picking is more fun with friends .
I is for ICE
Apple trees are very hardy , but winter ice storms can break branches and keep fruit from growing in the spring .
J is for JUICE
Apple juice , like cider , is pressed from apples , but apple juice is filtered to be clear .
K is for KITCHEN
A kitchen is the best place to make applesauce . Fox and Bear cut up some apples , spoon them into a pot , add a little water and sugar , and then simmer it on the stove until done .
L is for LEAVES
Apple leaves are oval shaped , with small points . The edges of the leaves are " toothed . "
M is for MARKETS
Farmers ' markets and grocery stores are filled with many varieties of apples . Fox looks for Granny Smith , one of his favorite kinds of apples .
N is for NUTRITIOUS
Apples are very healthy , natural food . They have no fat , and they contain fiber , which helps your stomach digest other foods .
O is for ORCHARD
An apple orchard is an apple farm . Apples are grown in every state in the United States and in every province in Canada .
P is for POLLEN
Pollen from apple blossoms makes it possible for an apple fruit to form inside the flower . Bees help move pollen from one apple blossom to another .
Q is for QUARTERS
Fox cuts his apple into quarters - four pieces of the same size . How many quarters make a half ?
R is for RIPE
A ripe red apple is . . . irresistible ! The codling moth caterpillar likes eating them as much as Fox does .
S is for SEEDS
Fox cuts an apple in half . In the center is a star shape with five points , and each point of the star contains a seed .
T is for TREES
All apples grow on trees . Some apples trees can grow to be one hundred years old .
U is for UNDERGROUND
The roots of an apple tree spread underground . Roots soak up water and nutrients and keep the tree from falling down .
Aroma Braeburn Crispin Dr. Hogg Empire Fuji Granny Smith Honeycrisp Idared Jeffries King David Lobo McIntosh Northfield Beauty Oriole Pinova Queen Cox Red Delicious Seek - no - further Topaz Ultrared Gala Viking Winesap Xavier de Bavay York Zabergau
V is for VARIETIES
There are hundreds of varieties of apples . Each variety looks and tastes different . Try them all !
W is for WAX
Fox rubbed an apple on his shirt , polishing the natural wax on the apple 's skin . The wax helps keep the apple from drying out .
X is for an X in an APPLE PIE
It 's as easy as pie to make an apple pie . And rolling out the dough is a lot of fun . Cut an X in the top of the pie dough to let steam escape while the pie bakes .
Y is for YIELD
One tree can produce hundreds of apples . The apples collected from a tree are called its yield .
Z is for ZERO
Fox ate the last apple . Now there are zero apples left !
APPLE ACTIVITIES
All these activities need the help of a grown - up .
VISIT AN ORCHARD
Find an orchard and pick your own apples . There are many resources online that will help you locate orchard near you .
CREATE APPLE PRINTS
Cut an apple in half . Press the apple half into an ink pad or paint . Then press the apple half onto paper to make apple prints .
MAKE EASY CHUNKY APPLESAUCE
8 - 12 apples ( the best varieties to use for this recipe are fresh picked Jonagold , Pink Lady , or Macoun ) , cored and cut into chunks . No need to peel !
1/4 cup sugar
1 pinch salt
1 cup water
Stir all the ingredients together in a large , heavy saucepan . Cover the pot and cook over medium - high heat for about 15 to 20 minutes . Stir with a wooden spoon as the apples are cooking . At the end of the cooking time , mash the apples against the side of the pot to get them to the right consistency . Serve warm or at room temperature . ( Makes about 3 cups )
JOHNNY APPLESEED
John Chapman , or Johnny Appleseed , was an early American apple farmer . He lived from 174 to 1845 . He traveled from town to town talking to people about the value of apples , and planted and tended apple trees throughout the Midwest . Legend has it that he wore a tin pot on his head to lighten his load while he traveled . Johnny Appleseed believed that apples were an important source of food for a growing nation , and saw the apple as a symbol of the strength of America .
APPLE FUN
There are a lot of common expressions that use the word apple . Here are a few of them , along with their meanings :
An apple a day keeps the doctor away . Apples are healthy ! An apple a day wo n't really keep you from ever getting sick , but it will provide your body with natural vitamins and minerals .
The apple of my eye . This is an expression that means " beloved . " The apple of your eye is someone you love very much .
The Big Apple . This is a nickname for New York City .
As American as apple pie . Apple trees were planted by the earliest Americans , and people in this country have been enjoying apple pies ever since . Apple pie is one of America 's most popular desserts ( especially when it 's topped with vanilla ice cream ! ) .
A bad apple . This is an expression that refers to a person who is a bad influence on other people . It comes from the fact that one bad apple in a barrel quickly makes other apples around it rotten , too .
How do you like them apples ? This is slang for " So there ! "
An apple for the teacher . An apple is a gift traditionally given to a teacher as a token of thanks .
JUST JOKING
What lives in an apple and loves to read ? A bookworm !
What did one apple say to another apple ? You 're a saucy one !
What kind of apple has a bad temper ? A crab apple !
Why did the apple go out with a fig ? Because it could n't find a date !
What kind of an apple is n't an apple ? A pineapple !

When red and yellow leaves are on the trees ,
we go to the Comstock Farm
to pick apples and pumpkins .
Mr. Comstock gives us a bushel basket to put our apples in .
Geese and chickens and a big , fat turkey walk with us on our way to the orchard , where the apples grow .
My father picks apples . My mother does too .
I climb into a little apple tree and pick the reddest apples of all .
When our basket is full of red and shiny apples ,
we go to the field where the pumpkins grow .
I look and look until I find the best pumpkin of them all .
My father cuts it from the vine .
I carry it back to the car .
At home we carve a jack - o'-lantern face on our big , orange pumpkin .
We put a candle inside and light it . Now our pumpkin looks scary , and funny , too .
On Halloween night we put our pumpkin on the doorstep . My mother gives away lots of our red and shiny apples for trick - or - treat ,
while I go trick - or - treating up and down our street .

A mother bird sat on her egg .
The egg jumped .
" Oh oh ! " said the mother bird . " My baby will be here ! He will want to eat . "
" I must get something for my baby bird to eat ! " she said . " I will be back ! "
So away she went .
The egg jumped . It jumped , and jumped , and jumped !
Out came the baby bird .
" Where is my mother ? " he said .
He looked for her .
He looked up . He did not see her .
He looked down . He did not see her .
" I will go and look for her . " he said .
So away he went .
Down , out of the tree he went .
Down , down , down ! It was a long way down .
The baby bird could not fly .
He could not fly but he could walk . " Now I will go and find my mother , " he said .
He did not know what his mother looked like . He went right by her . He did not see her .
He came to a kitten . " Are you my mother ? " he said to the kitten .
The kitten just looked and looked . It did not say a thing .
The kitten was not his mother , so he went on .
Then he came to a hen . " Are you my mother ? " he said to the hen .
" No , " said the hen .
The kitten was not his mother .
The hen was not his mother . So the baby bird went on .
" I have to find my mother ! " he said . " But where ? Where is she ? Where could she be ? "
Then he came to a dog . " Are you my mother ? " he said to the dog .
" I am not your mother . I am a dog , " said the dog .
The kitten was not his mother .
The hen was not his mother .
The dog was not his mother .
So the baby bird went on . Now he came to a cow .
" Are you my mother ? " he said to the cow .
" How could I be your mother ? " said the cow . " I am a cow . "
The kitten and the hen were not his mother .
The dog and the cow were not his mother .
Did he have a mother ?
" I did have a mother , " said the baby bird . " I know I did . I have to find her . I will . I WILL ! "
Now the baby bird did not walk . He ran !
Then he saw a car . Could that old thing be his mother ? No , it could not .
The baby bird did not stop . He ran on and on .
Now he looked way , way down .
He saw a boat . " There she is ! " said the baby bird . He called to the boat , but the boat did not stop .
The boat went on .
He looked way , way up . He saw a big plane . " Here I am , Mother , " he called out .
But the plane did not stop . The plane went on .
Just then , the baby bird saw a big thing . This must be his mother ! " There she is ! " he said . " There is my mother ! "
He ran right up to it . " Mother , Mother ! Here I am , Mother ! " He said to the big thing .
But the big things just said , " Snort . " SNORT
" Oh , you are not my mother , " said the baby bird . " You are a Snort . I have to get out of here ! " SNORT .
But they abby bird could not get away . The Snort went up .
It went way , way up . And up , up , up went the baby bird .
But now , where was the Snort going ?
" Oh , oh , oh ! What is this Snort going to do to me ? Get me out of here ! "
Just then , the Snort came to a stop .
" Where am I ? " said the baby bird . " I want to go home ! I want my mother ! "
Then something happened .
The Snort put that baby bird right back in the tree . The baby bird was home !
Just then the mother bird came back to the tree . " Do you know who I am ? " she said to her baby .
" Yes , I know who you are , " said the baby bird .
" You are not a kitten .
" You are not a hen .
" You are not a dog .
" You are not a cow .
" You are not a boat , or a plane , or a Snort ! "
" You are a bird , and you are my mother . "

Arthur 's class was so quiet , you could hear a pin drop . Mr. Ratburn was about to announce the director for the Thanksgiving play . The Big Turkey Hunt . Arthur chewed his pencil . " I hope he picks me , " whispered Francine . They all held their breath .
" I 've chosen Arthur to direct the play , " said Mr. Ratburn . He handed Arthur the script .
" Me ? The director ? " said Arthur . " Oh , no , " grumbled Francine . " This is going to be a disaster . "
Arthur 's first job as director was to assign parts . The narrator would have the most to say , but the turkey , the symbol of Thanksgiving , had the most important role of all . Secretly , Arthur was glad he would n't have to be the turkey . But who would play that part .
At lunch , Francine gave Arthur two chocolate cupcakes . She wanted to be the narrator . Buster even let Arthur borrow his Captain William Bradford . Being the director seemed like fun .
Arthur thought Francine would make a good turkey . "Never ! " said Francine . " I want to be the narrator . Besides I have the loudest voice . " No doubt about that . Francine would be the narrator . Arthur showed Muffy a drawing of the turkey costume . " Lots of feathers , " said Arthur . " It 's a very glamorous role . " " Yuk ! Vomitrocious!"squealed Muffy . " I should be the Indian Princess . I have real braids . " " Brain , I 've saved the most intelligent part for you , " explained Arthur . " No way will I be the turkey , " answered the Brain . " I 'll be the Indian chief . "
" Buster , you 're my best friend , " began Arthur . " The part is real easy . Only one line , and it 's the best in the play . " " I want to be Governor Bradford , " said Buster . Arthur was so desperate that he asked Binky Barnes . " The turkey is a strong and powerful animal , " argued Arthur . " Yeah , without saying a word , it can make you look like a fool in front of the entire school , " said Binky . The play was only six days away . Where would Arthur find a turkey ?
Arthur knew he could count on his family . " I 'd love to be the turkey , " said his father . " But I have a dentist appointment that I do n't want to miss . " " The world is full of turkeys , " jokes his mother . " You should be able to find one . "
" I would n't be caught dead in that outfit ! " said his sister , D.W.
" Let 's talk turkey , " said Arthur over the PA system at the school . " The best part in the Thanksgiving play is still open . If you 're interested , please come to the office at once . " No one came to the office . In fact , the principal left the office , laughing . Arthur put posters in the cafeteria . He placed ads in the school paper . Nothing worked . Calling all Turkeys !
The rehearsals went from bad to worse . " When the Pilgrims and Indians decided to celebrate their friendship , " said Francine , " they began to hunt for a turkey . " " We cooked the beans and pumpkin pies , " whispered Sue Ellen . " And the Pilgrim men went off to hunt for turkey . " " We made corn bread and picked cranberries , " said Muffy . " Oops ! And the Indian braves when on their own turkey hunt .
Then it was time for Francine to present the turkey . " When the Indians and Pilgrims finally found a turkey , " she began , " there was great rejoicing . Today when we think of Thanksgiving , we thing of turkey . " She glared and Arthur . " Do n't worry , " Arthur promised . " I told you I 'd find a turkey in time . "
As a last resort Arthur decided to rent a turkey . But that was n't such a good idea .
" If you do n't get a turkey by tomorrow 's performance , " said Francine , " I quit . " Everyone agreed . No turkey - no play .
Arthur went home to think . He thought about turkeys while he did arithmetic . He thought about turkeys while he played the piano .
And he thought about turkeys while he and D.W. did the dishes . " Boy , " said D.W. " If you want something done right , you have to do it yourself . "
The next morning , Francine , Muffy , and Buster stood before Arthur . They were n't taking any chances . " Do we have a turkey ? " they asked . Arthur just smiled .
The whole school filled into the auditorium . " OOOoo ! " said the kids when the lights went out . " Shhhh ! " said the teachers as the curtain went up .
" In 1620 , we sailed to America on the Mayflower , " recited Buster , proudly . " Phew ! " said Arthur . The play continued smoothly . Muffy did n't drop the cranberries .
The Brain had his costume on correctly . Sue Ellen said her lines in a loud , clear voice . And Francine had even taken off her movie - start glasses . Then it came time for Francine 's big speech .
She crossed her fingers and began . " When the Indians and Pilgrims finally found a turkey , there was great rejoicing . Today , when we think of Thanksgiving , we think of turkey , "
There was a lot of fumbling behind the curtain . Arthur took a deep breath .
He walked onstage . As soon as he did , the audience began to laugh . Arthur turned bright red . This was going to be even worse than he had thought it would be . " The turkey , " Arthur began , " is a symbol , a symbol of ... of ... " " Of togetherness and Thanksgiving ! said a chorus of voices behind him .
Arthur turned around and smiled .
" I guess Mom was right . The world is full of turkeys ! Okay , turkeys , all together now . Let 's hear the last line , loud and clear . :
" Happy Thanksgiving ! "

Someone was sending Arthur valentines , and Valentine 's Day was n't until Friday . They were all signed " Your Secret Admirer " .
I Love you smack ! Lips
It was a real mystery . Who was Arthur 's secret admirer ? It might be Fern .
It could be Buster playing a joke .
Or maybe even Francine . SHe was always teasing Arthur .
Arthur hoped it was the new girl , Sue Ellen .
On Wednesday , Arthur found a new valentine . Apples , Bananas , Peaches , a Pear , With a face like yours , You 're lucky I care . Your secret Admirer
PS In your lunch box you 'll find a treat . It 's just for you and it 's extra sweet .
Arthur hoped it might be chocolate , but at lunch he found this note :
Candy is sweet , Lemons are sour , I 'll be watching you the whole lunch hour .
Arthur looked at Sue Ellen . She smiled .
Thursday , everyone made valentine boxes . Arthur decided to make a special card instead . When everyone mailed their valentine , Arthur put his card in Sue Ellen 's box .
Then , when nobody was looking , Arthur hid the valentines from his secret admirer in his coat pocket .
After , school , Arthur took off his coat to play soccer and all the valentines fell out . Everyone laughed . Buster called him " Loverboy " .
" Hey , Hot Lips , " shouted Francine . Arthur left when everyone sang ,
Arthur and his girlfriend sitting in a tree , K - I - S - S - I - N - G. First comes love , then comes marriage , then comes Arthur with his baby carriage .
THe next morning Arthur said he was sick . " You do n't want to miss the Big Valentine 's Day party , do you ? " asked his mother .
Arthur went to school . " Ick ! Who sent this mushy valentine ? " Said Sue Ellen .
" It 's signed ' Arthur ' " shouted Buster . Everybody laughed . " Arthur loves Sue Ellen , " everyone sang .
After school , Arthur wanted to be alone . On the way home , he climbed up to his tree house . There he found another valentines .
I love you in London , I love you in Rome . Look in your mailbox when you get home . XOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXO
Your Secret Admirer
" Oh , gross , " said Arthur , and ran into his house .
" I believe this is for you , Arthur , " said his mother . " It 's a love letter , " said his sister .
Arthur went to his room . There was a movie ticket in the card .
My love , tomorrow is the day we meet in row 3 - - You in seat A , me in seat B.
Your Secret Admirer
On the card , Arthur saw a smudge . He looked up very closely . Something had been erased . There was an F and an R and an A--
F - R - A - N - C - I - N - E !
The next day Arthur had a plan . He ran to the movies so he would n't be late .
He found row 3 . He sat in seat A.
Francine smiled at Arthur . " So you 're the secret admirer , " said Arthur .
" Good guess , Four Eyes ! "
" Close your eyes , " said Arthur . " I want to give you a kiss . "
" Really ? " Said Francine .
" Close your eyes and count to ten . "
" Okay , " said Francine .
" Arthur , can I open my eyes yet ? " asked Francine .
" Arthur ? "
Kisses for Francine

Do you see the Asphalt for paving the road ,
or the big shiny Bulldozer pushing a load ?
I see a Crane way up high in the sky ,
and a rusty red Dump truck rumbling by .
Here comes an Excavator to dig a huge hole .
Nearby there 's a Forklift hauling a pole .
Let 's look for the Grader on the roadbed ,
and a man with a Hard hat protecting his head .
I spy an I beam made out of steel ,
and a Jackhammer making a noise you can feel .
Hear that Ka - boom ?   What a loud sound !
Look !   That huge Loader scoops dirt from the ground .
Watch people swing Mallets at a swift pace ,
pounding in Nails to hold parts in their place .
Let 's find the Operator at the controls ,
guiding the Pipes into the holes .
The welder 's wo n't Quit till the metal is bent ,
and the new safety Rails are placed in cement .
See the Scaffolds come down before our eyes ,
while the workers pack up their Tools and supplies .
The Underpass barrier is taken away .
Now Visitors enter - it 's opening day !
The construction Work is finally done .
Our eXcitement grows - we 're ready for fun !
For more than a Year we 've watched the park bloom .
Now hold on tight ...   Here we go ...   Get set to ...
Z - O - O - M ! ! ! ! ! ! !

A baby seal is called a pup . Pup
Seal
Seals use their flippers to swim . How many pups do you see ?
GUESS WHAT ? A pup drinks its mother 's milk . The milk helps the pup 's blubber   grow . Blubber keeps seals warm .
A baby leopard is called a cub . Cub
Leopard
Leopards can run fast and jump high . How many cubs do you see ?
GUESS WHAT ? Cubs live with their mothers for two years before they go out on their own .
A baby elephant is called a calf . Calf
Elephant
Elephants use their trunks to smell , breathe , drink , and eat . How many calves do you see ?
GUESS WHAT ? A newborn calf weighs around 300 pounds - about the same as a refrigerator !
A baby duck is called a duckling . Duckling
Duck
Ducks have long beaks called bills . How many ducklings do you see ?
GUESS WHAT ? Ducklings hatch from eggs . After eight weeks , they can fly .
A baby frog is called a tadpole . Tadpole
Frog
Frogs breathe through their skin . How many tadpoles do you see ?
GUESS WHAT ? Tadpoles are born without legs . Their tails disappear as they get older .
Look at all the animals . Can you match the baby to the adult ? Pup Duckling Calf Cub Tadpole Seal Leopard
Duck Frog Elephant

Off the Pacific coast of Mexico , on a warm April night , two sperm whales circle each other . They rub belly to belly , lock jaws and nuzzle , flippers touching in a sea of stars .
Dawn comes , and the male , the " bull whale , " swims away on him own—fifty tons of sliding north toward Alaska .
Sixteen moons pass , and the one who stayed behind ...
becomes two . The new life slips smoothly from the warmth of its mother 's body into the coolness of the ocean . And together , midwives and mother , nudge Baby Whale to the surface for her very first breath .
Mama Whale pats her tenderly with her flipper , and Baby Whale nuzzles for milk . They are not aware that danger is near .
Killer whales are coming !
But when the orcas slice the surface , Mama Whale spots them . And she and the others surround Baby Whale—tails in , heads out—until the orcas turn as one , away .
Now the sea calms , mirrors the sky . Baby Whale follows her mother like a shadow , learning the rhythms of the sea .
They , too , roll north for the summers , but not as far as the big lone males . And always , always , they swim with the pod .
All the way , Mama Whale speaks to her with creaks and clicks and murmurs . Baby Whale clicks softly in return . She is never far behind when her mother swallows a seal or shark whole , or makes a meal of forty salmon .
Baby Whale spends her days spy - hopping lob - tailing breaching then rolling over again to nurse at her mother 's side .
Moons come , and moons go . Baby Whale grows and grows . She is learning the ways of the whales and the sea . Nights , she floats at the surface under stars , drifting in and out of sleep . With each breath a small cloud blooms , and disappears .
One evening , the full moon rising , Baby Whale drives down and down with her mother through green and purple twilight , through swirling galaxies of luminous fish , only to watch her vanish into total blackness .
Baby Whale can hear her mother 's clicks and murmurs fading . Too deep . Too deep . She returns to the surface , and waits .
Suddenly the ocean erupts ! Mama Whale bursts into the light of the moon . The tentacles of a sixty - foot - long giant squid lace her body .
Baby Whale squeals as her mother crashes back into the sea . The giant squid writhes , pumping ink in rhythmic spurts . Suckers grasp . Tentacles twist . And Mama Whale rolls with them , her huge teeth snapping .
At last , tentacles torn , the giant squid stops struggling . Mama Whale has won .
Now Baby Whale feasts , and the whole pod joins in—the blue sea dancing with whales and moonlight .
In the morning , Baby Whale—with her mother and the others—swims toward the horizon . And together they leap , rise and blow like rolling shadows on the shining sea .

Tom is my dog . I love him .
But he can be bad .
He can make Mom mad . Bad dog , Tom !
He can make Dad mad .
FLEAS ! Bad dog , Tom !
He can make Kit mad .
Bad dog , Tom !
Tom can be bad , bad . bad .
Bad dog , Tom !
Bad dog , Tom !
Bad dog , Tom !
Dad says that Tom must go .
No ! No ! We love him so !
I am sad . Where is Kit !
Oh , no . Kit is gone . Please find her !
Mom ca n't find Kit .
And Dad ca n't find Kit .
Tom wants me .
So I go .
I see Kit .
Mom and Dad come . Tom is good , for now . Oh , Tom !
Tom is my dog . I love him when he is good . And I love him when he is bad . Uh - oh !

Wake , mice , wake ! Run out the door .
Time to bake at Cakes and more .
Mice crack and whip .
Mice pour and drop .
Mice cut and chop .
Mice drop and mop .
Mice stir and shake .
Mice smooth and bake .
Mice bake a cake . Mice love a bake .
Dog come . Frog comes .
Moose comes . Goose comes .
We need more cake . So bake , mice , bake !
Cat come . Rat comes .
Snail comes . Whale comes .
We need more cake .
So bake , mice , bake !
one ace for Bee . Oh make that three .
Fly comes by . He wants pie .
The last cake goes . The shop must close .
Put everything away . We are done for the day
Cherry tarts , berry tarts .
All the tarts are now in carts .
Clean up the shop . Wipe up the floor .
Scrub and mop at Cakes and More .
Mice can rest their feet .
Look ! One pie to eat .
Finish pie . Wave goodbye .

Mummy Pig is taking Peppa to her first ballet lesson . Madame Gazelle greets them at the door . " You must be young Peppa , " she says with a graceful bow .
" Hello , Madame , " says Peppa . Mummy Pig kisses Peppa good - bye . " I 'll pick you up later . Enjoy yourself ! "
Peppa 's friends Candy Cat , Suzy Sheep , Danny Dog , Rebecca Rabbit , and Pedro Pony are already inside . Madame Gazelle claps her hands . " Today we have a new pupil , Peppa Pig ! "
It is time for the ballet lesson to begin . " We will start with a little jump , " says Madame Gazellle . " A petit jete . "
Peppa watches as Madame Gazelle shows everyone how to jump like a ballerina . " Leap with grace and beauty , " Madame Gazelle tells the dancers .
Peppa and her friends try the little jump . Thrump ! Thrump !
Their feet make loud noises as they hit the floor ! " Let 's try it again , " says Madame Gazelle . " Petit jete . Grace and beauty ! "
Thump ! Thump ! Thump ! Thump ! Thump ! Thump ! Peppa and her friends jump some more .
Thump ! Thump ! The students are not as graceful as Madame Gazelle . But everyone is having fun !
Madame Gazelle turns on some music and claps her hands . " Children , now let 's pretend to dance like we are beautiful swans . "
" What noise do you think a swan might make ? " asks Madame Gazelle . Peppa and her friends do n't know what noise a swan makes . So they all make their own noise . Meow ! Baa ! Woof ! Snort ! Neigh ! Hee !
The dance lesson is finished . Mummy Pig comes to take Peppa home .
" Peppa did very well , " Madame Gazelle says . " Thank you , Madame . " Peppa is very happy . Hee ! Hee ! Hee !
At home , Peppa wants to show her family what she has learned . " I am going to teach you how to do ballet , " Peppa announces . " Is it difficult ? " asks Daddy Pig .
" You must copy exactly what I do , " says Peppa . " Madame Gazelle used funny words . But it 's just bending your knees and jumping , really . "
Peppa turns on some music and shows Mummy , Daddy , and George how to do a little jump . Daddy Pig smiles . " Ah , the petit jete . "
Snort ! " Daddy ! You know the funny words ! " Ho ! Ho ! Ho ! " Mummy Pig and I used to be very good at ballet , " says Daddy .
Daddy Pig and Mummy Pig dance together . He lifts her up , just like a ballerina .
" Out favorite dance was the pas de deux , " Daddy says . He tosses Mummy Pig high into the air . " That 's a dance for two people . "
Hee ! Hee ! Hee ! Hee ! Thump ! Oh dear ! Daddy does n't catch Mummy in time . She lands on top of him !
" That was n't quite how I remembered it , " says Daddy . Hee , Hee , Hee ! Silly Daddy Pig !
" Maybe we should leave the ballet to Peppa , " Daddy Pig says . " Yes , " says Peppa . " I am the best at it . I am like a beautiful swan ! " Peppa loves dancing . Everyone loves dancing ! Clap ! Clap ! Clap !

Every Saturday morning on Ballyhoo Beach , Mira Bella , the artist , had classes to teach .
She taught etching and sketching to grannies and kids , and undersea sculpture to swordfish and squids .
All the beach was abuzz with fantastic creations : The seagulls ' collages were trash - art sensations .
Pelicans painted , crabs dabbled in clay , and seals made mobiles out of papier - mache .
Otters drew silly self - portraits with pencils , and sea squirts dyed T - shirts by spitting on stencils .
Mira Bella was planning a special event : On the first day of June , in an elegant tent , the Ballyhoo Art Fair was going to take place , along with the Recycled Art - Cycle Race ( for creatures with feathers and flippers and fins , where everyone enters and everyone wins ) .
But the last day of May dawned gloomy and gray . Chilly winds whipped the waters of Ballyhoo Bay , and bales of barbed wire appeared on the sand , with a signpost announcing a dastardly plan .
PENTHOUSE APARTMENTS
FOR $ 9 ZILLION EACH
A PARKING GARAGE
WHERE THERE ONCE WAS A BEACH
A crystal casino
as high as a cloud !
( P.S. NO CHILDREN OR
WILDLIFE ALLOWED )
MEET US THIS
EVENING AT
BALLYHOO HALL
TO VOTE FOR A
PLAN THAT
ENRICHES US ALL .
Then a great wave of sorrow swept over the crowd . Not one of them dared speak their feelings aloud .
Clams shut their shells , seagulls folded their winds , and they all headed homeward to pack up their things .
Mira Bella cried , " Nonsense ! We wo n't move away . This ridiculous notion is only Plan A. Let 's create a Plan B and save Ballyhoo Bay . "
They rolled out the elegant tent and unzipped it . Mira Bella drew lines , and the hermit crabs snipped it , and everyone painted the places they loved-
the sea
and the sand
and the sky up above .
Then they hoisted their banners toward Ballyhoo Hall . Some flew there , some fluttered , and some had to crawl . Some skipped , and some scuttled . Some slid on their fannies . Some rode in big tanks pulled by kids and their grannies .
The builders were flustered . They gasped , " How absurd ! A child can not vote , or a fish or a bird ! We will never allow this to happen , " they sputtered . The town council huddled . They murmured . They muttered .
The kids , in a chorus , cried , " Look at Plan B ,
Which is friendly and fun and fantastic and free .
It 's an idea so simple you 'll all shout , ' Gee whiz !
Why do n't we leave the beach just as it is ? ' "
Then the grannies declared , " We think that Ballyhoo Bay is for everyone , not just for those who can pay . Now , whose heart is so shriveled they 'd vote for Plan A ? "
" Ahem , " coughed the mayor . " The council will note that Plan A does not seem to get even one vote . Sooo , who votes for Plan B ? "
Upward shot every paw , every tentacle , hand , wing , antenna , and claw . Even the builder guys had to say yes .
So they drove to the beach and they cleaned up their mess , and the art fair next day was a smashing success .
There was wet art and dry art and high - in - the - sky art ,
and folks stood in line just to trade art and buy art . The art - cycles raced through the surf and the dunes ( some on wheels , some on wings , some on puffy pontoons ) .
Otters drew everyone 's portraits as prizes ,
and sea squirts sold T - shirts in all shapes and sizes .
Mira Bella gazed out through the surf and the spray as the sun set , resplendent , on Ballyhoo Bay . " Truth is beauty , " she said , " and they both saved the day . "

George 's mother said :
" Bark , George . "
George went : " Meow "
" No , George , " said George 's mother . " Cats go meow . Dogs go arf . Now , bark , George . "
George went : " Quack - quack . "
" No , George , " said George 's mother . " Ducks go quack - quack . Dogs go arf . Now , bark , George . "
George went : " Oink . "
" No , George , " said George 's mother . " Pigs go oink . Dogs go arf . Now , bark , George . "
George went : " Moo . "
George 's mother took George to the vet . " I 'll soon get to the bottom of this . " said the vet . " Please bark , George . "
George went : " Meow . "
The vet reached deep down inside of George . . .
And pulled out a cat .
" Bark again , George . " George went : " Quack - quack . " The vet reached deep , deep down inside of George . . .
And pulled out a duck .
" Bark again , George . " George went : " Oink . " The vet reached deep , deep , deep down inside of George . . .
And pulled out a pig .
" Bark again , George . " George went : " Moo . " The vet put on his longest latex glove . . .
Then he reached deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep down inside of George . . .
And pulled out a cow .
" Bark again , George . "
George went : arf
George 's mother was so thrilled that she kissed the vet . . .
And the cat . And the duck . And the pig . And the cow .
On the way home , she wanted to show George off to everyone on the street . So she said , " Bark , George . "
And George went :
Hello

All alone in his cave , Bear listens to the wind . He is bored , bored , bored ... and he misses his friends .
" I could make a big dinner ! A feast I could share . "
But he looks through his cupboard , and the cupboard is bare .
Then Mouse stops by with a huckleberry pie . And the bear says , " Thanks ! "
Bear says , " Goodness me , a delectable pie ! "
" But I have made nothing , " he adds with a sigh .
Then they hear , " Hi ho ! " and they both see Hare with a big batch of muffins at the door of the lair ! "
Hare hurries in from the cold , rushing wind ... and the bear says , " Thanks ! "
" Of course ! " says Hare . Then he points to the door .
" Here comes Badger . He 's got even more ! "
" Brrrrr ! " says Badger as he tromps inside . He sets down his pole and he smiles real wide . " I 'm back from a stroll at the old fishin ' hole ! " And the bear says , " Thanks ! "
Then Gopher and Mole tunnel up from the ground . " We have warm honey nuts . Let 's pass them around ! "
There 's a flap and a flitter and a flurry in the eden when in flutters Owl with Raven and Wren . " We have pears from the tree and herbs to brew tea ! "
And the bear says , " Wait ... "
Bear mutters and he stutters and he wears a big frown . Bear sighs and he moans and he plops himself down .
" You have brought yummy treats ! You are so nice to share . But me , I have nothing . My cupboards are bare ! "
Mouse squeaks , " Do n't fret . There 's enough , dear bear . You do n't need any food , you have stories to share ! "
His friends hug him tight . " It will be all right ! " And the bear says , " Thanks ! "
They lay out their feast on a quilt on the ground . And the bear takes a seat while his friends gather round .
In a cave in the woods , in a warm , bright lair , the friends feel grateful for their good friend Bear .
They pass around platters . They tweet and they chatter ...
and they all say , " Thanks ! "

In a cave in the woods , in his deep , dark lair , through the long , cold winter sleeps a great brown bear .
Cuddled in a heap , with his eyes shut tight , he sleeps through the day , he sleeps through the night .
The cold winds howl and the night sounds growls . But the bear snores on .
An itty - bitty mouse , pitter - pat , tip - toe , creep - crawls in the cave from the fluff - cold snow .
Mouse squeaks , " Too damp , too dank , too dark . " So he lights wee twigs with a small hot spark .
The coals pip - pop and the wind does n't stop .
But the bear snores on .
Two glowing eyes sneak - peek in the den . Mouse cries , " Who 's there ? " and a hare hops in .
" Ho , Mouse ! " says Hare . " Long time , no see ! " So they pop white corn . And they brew black tea .
Mouse sips wee slurps . Hare burps big BURPS !
But the bear snores on .
A badger scuttles by , sniff - snuffs at the air . " I smell yummy - yums ! Perhaps we can share ?
" I 've brought honey - nuts , " Badger says with a grin . " Let 's divvy them up , cozy down . . . and dig in ! " '
And they nibble and they munch with a CHEW- CHOMP- CRUNCH !
But the bears snores on .
A gopher and a mole tunnel up through the floor . Then a wren and a raven flutter in through the door !
Mole mutters , " What a night ! " " What a storm ! " twitters Wren . And everybody clutters in the great bear 's den .
They tweet and they titter . They chat and they chitter . But the bear snores on .
In a cave in the woods , a slumbering bear sleeps through the party in his very own lair .
Hare stokes the fire . Mouse seasons stew .
Then a small pepper fleck makes the bear . . . . . . . .
RAAAAA - CHOOOOOO He blows and he sneezes , and the whole crowd freezes . . .
And the bear WAKES UP ! BEAR GNARLS and he SNARLS . BEAR ROARS and he RUMBLES ! BEAR JUMPS and he STOMPS . BEAR GROWLS and he GRUMBLES !
" You 've snuck in my lair and you 've all had fun ! But me ? I was sleeping and . . . I have had none ! " And he whimpers and he moans , he wails and he groans . . . And the bear blubbers on !
Mouse squeaks , " Do n't fret . Do n't fuss . Look , see ? We can pop more corn ! We can brew more tea ! "
Bear gulps . Bear gobbles . He signs with delight . Then he spins tall tales through the blustery night . When the sun peeks up on a crisp , clear dawn , Bear ca n't sleep . . .
But his friends snore on .

When springtime comes , in his warm winter den a bear wakes up very hungry and thin !
He waddles outside and roots all around . He digs and he paws fresh shoots from the ground .
He nibbles on his lawn till the last blade is gone . But the bear wants more !
Mouse scampers by with his acorn pail . " Come along , " Mouse squeaks , " to Strawberry Vale ! "
So up Mouse hops onto Bear 's big back . They tramp through the woods for a fresh fruit snack .
The berries grow sweet , and they eat , eat , EAT !
But the bear wants more !
The noon sun glows , when along hops Hare . " Good day , friend Mouse ! How do , friend Bear ? "
" I 'm HUNGRY ! " roars Bear . Hare says , " Follow me ! There 's a fresh clover path by the cottonwood tree . "
They nibble on their lunch , with a crunch , crunch , crunch !
But the bear wants more !
Badger shuffles by with his new fishin ' pole . " There 's a fine fish feast at the ol' fishin ' hole . "
They head to the pond and they sit by the shore . Bear catches fish , ..
but he still wants more !
Meanwhile …  back at the big bear 's den wait Gopher and Mole with Raven and Wren .
They bake honey cakes . They decorate the lair . It 's a springtime party for their good friend Bear !
Bear rubs at his tummy . He smells something YUMMY ...
and he still wants more !
Bear sniffs and he snuffles as a sweet breeze blows . He romps to his home . He follows his nose .
His friends yell " SURPRISE ! " when he gets to his den . But Bear is SO big ...
that he ca n't fit in ! Bear wails , " What luck ! I am STUCK , STUCK , STUCK ...
in my own front door !
Mouse squeaks , " Poor Bear . He is wedged too tight . " Hare tugs , Raven pushes with all of their might .
Badger gets a stick and he pries SO hard ...
that Bear POPS out and he lands in his yard !
Since Bear is SO WIDE , they party outside . And he still wants more !
Bear opens presents ; he gobbles honey cakes . He eats SO much that his big tummy aches .
He snuggles in the grass And he snores big snores . He is full , full , full …  but his friends want more !

There are many kinds of bears .
A sun bear has a yellow patch of fur on its chest . Can you find it ? Guess what ? Sun bears love to eat honey !
Black bears are usually black , but they can also have brown fur or even white fur .
Black bears eat flowers , berries , and small animals . Guess what ? When a black bear is born , it is very small- about the same size as a can of soup .
These bears are hunting for fish .
Polar bears are the biggest bears in the world .
Polar bears live in a cold place called the Arctic .
Their white fur makes them hard to find in the snow . Guess what ? Polar bears can swim . They have big paws that help them paddle through the cold water .
Giant panda bears have round white heads and black spots around their eyes .
Giant pandas spend the day eating bamboo . Chomp !
Guess what ? Giant pandas can do somersaults !
This is a brown bear . When it is all grown up , it can be as big as a small car .
These brown bears are taking a nap . Good night , bears . Guess what ? Mother brown bears talk to their babies by humming .
Look at all the bears ! Can you name each kind of bear ? Which is your favorite ? why ? brown bear black bear giant panda bear sun bear polar bear

It was Christmastime and the Prince 's castle looked like a fairyland with garlands , evergreens , and the biggest Christmas tree young Chip had ever seen !
" It 's good to see the boy having a proper Christmas ! " Lumiere said as he watched Chip play among the gifts . " Certainly not like last year ! " " Yes , " agreed Cogsworth . " This is much more agreeable ! " " Please tell the story , Mama ! About last Christmas ? " Chip pleaded .
So Mrs. Potts settled into a chair and began , " Well , let 's see ... Belle had been the Master 's guest for a little while , and we all hoped that she would be the one to break the spell . There was no time to waste , so somehow we got them to ice - skate together the day before Christmas . "
The servants watched as Belle taught the Beast how to ice - skate on the pond . Everyone was happy ... everyone that is , except Forte , the pipe organ . For if Belle and the Beast fell in love , the spell cast over the whole castle would be broken , and everyone would become human again . Then the Beast would no longer need the gloomy music Forte liked to play .
" Fife , what 's that merriment I hear outside the window ? " asked Forte . " Oh , " replied the little piccolo , " the Master is skating with Belle . " " Belle ? " cried Forte . " That will never do ! Fife , see to it that this blossoming love wilts on the stem . Go stop them now ! " " Yes , Maestro Forte ! " said Fife , bounding away .
" Pardon me ... coming though ... TWEET ! " announced Fife , pushing his way through the crowd . He slid onto the ice , the grabbed the Beast 's cape and caused him and Belle to fall into a snowbank . " Look ! I made a Christmas angel , " Belle cried .
The Beast stood and stared at his own hideous shape in the snow . "
" This is no angel . It 's the shadow of a ... monster ! " he roared . Then he stormed away . " I hate Christmas ! " Fife was pleased . " Oh , Fort will be so proud if me ! " he said to himself .
Belle decided that the Beast needed some Christmas cheer , even though Cogsworth warned her that the Master had forbidden Christmas . " He does n't wish to be reminded of the Christmas when the castle was put under the curse , " he explained . But Lumiere and Mrs. Potts agreed with Belle , so up to the dusty attic they went .
There , among the crates and broken furniture , stood a pretty Christmas angel . " Ah , Lumiere ! " the angel cried happily . This is Angelique , the castle decorator , " Lumiere proudly announced . " Cherie , we 're planning the greatest celebration ever ! And we need your help ! " But Angelique shook her head and said sadly , " No , no . I refuse to hope for Christmas anymore . I will not be disappointed again ! "
Later that day , the Beast found a present from Belle marked Do Not Open Until Christmas . " I said no Christmas presents ! " he shouted . But the Beast touched the gift and smiled , then went to tell Forte to stop playing gloomy music .
" Sorry , old friend , but I do n't feel gloomy anymore , " explained the Beast . " I want you to compose a song . It 's a present for ... Belle . And make it a happy song ! " Forte frowned . After the Master left the room . Forte dreamed up a plan that would get   Belle out of the castle --- for good .
" These trees do n't look very Christmassy , " Belle told Chip as they rode through the eerie Black Forest . Forte had told her that the tree was the Beast 's favorite part of Christmas , and that the Black Forest was the perfect place to get one .
The Black Forest was dark as Fife secretly followed Belle and Chip . As Belle and Chip began to tow their tree home , Fife tried to unhitch Phillipe the horse from the sleigh and accidentally revealed himself . " Whoa ! " Fife cried . Fife 's high - pitched tooting sound startled Phillipe . He bolted and broke loose from the sleigh --- causing Chip to fall int the icy water@
Belle jumped in and saved Chip , but the icy currents were too much for her . Suddenly , a loud roar echoed through the forest . It was the Beast ! He drove deep into the water and emerged with Belle , then carried her back to the castle as the others followed . " What have I done ? " cried Fife . " It 's all my fault . I never should have listened to that Forte . He put me up to all this ! "
The Beast took Belle to the dungeon . " You said you 'd never leave , " he growled . " I was n't trying to leave . I just wanted to make you happy , " sobbed Belle . " You broke your word , " shouted the Beast . " And for that , you 'll stay here forever ! " He stormed up the stairs and Belle felt completely alone . " Bong ... bong ... bong ... " Somewhere in the silent castle , a clock struck midnight . Christmas had come .
The enchanted objects crept down to visit Belle . Angelique stepped forward . " I told you that Christmas was a hopeless folly ! " Then her face softened as she said , " But I was wrong . We must have Christmas ! " She began to sing a sweet Christmas song . Everyone joined in , even Belle .
Upstairs in Forte 's chamber , the Beast finally opened Belle 's gift --- a book about a cold - hearted prince who discovered the warmth and joy of friends , and of Christmas . After reading it , she sighed and said , " Maybe there is still hope for me . " As the Beast left the room , Forte cried desperately , " Master ! Come back ! Belle is not your friend --- I am . " But the Master was gone .
Belle and the others were startled when the Beast appeared in the middle of their celebration . He stood before Belle and gazed into her eyes . " Belle , can you forgive me ? " he asked . " Of course , " replied Belle gently . " Merry Christmas . "
Everyone was happy , except Forte . He began to play a horrible song that blasted through the castle and shook the walls . Dust flew everywhere as the ceiling began to crumble ! The floor of the dungeon cracked open between Belle and the Beast .
The Beast bounded up to Forte 's chamber while Belle and the others followed . " Forte ! Enough ! " he shouted . He tore the keyboard from the organ . The music soared , then stopped . Forte was so angry that he ripped himself from the wall with all his might and smashed to the floor . All was silent . Finally the Beast said , " What are we standing around for ? Let 's give Belle the Christmas she 's always wanted .
And what a Christmas it was . The Beast and Belle laughed and danced together . Angelique 's beautiful decorating and scrumptious food were enjoyed by one and all . " And that 's when Belle and the Beast began to fall in love . Thank goodness ! " said Mrs. Potts . " Soon the spell was broken and we all became human and happy ... again . "

Once upon a time , a selfish young prince refused to give an old beggar woman shelter in his castle . But the old woman was really and enchantress in disguise . She turned the prince into a terrifying Beast and cast a spell on everyone else in the castle .
Then , giving the Beast a magic rose , she said , " This will bloom until your twenty - first year . If you learn to love another and earn that person 's love in return before the last petal falls , the spell will be broken . If not , you will remain a Beast for ever . "
In a village near the castle , an eccentric inventor named Maurice lived with his beautiful daughter Belle . One of the young men in the village , Gaston , had decided that he would marry Bell . " After all , " he told his friend Lefou , " she 's the best - looking girl in town . And I deserve the best ! " But Belle refused him . She could never marry someone as arrogant and conceited as Gaston .
One day Maurice set off for a fair with his latest invention . As night fell he lost his way and had to seek refuge in the Beast 's castle . Maurice was welcomed by some friendly enchanted objects , including Lumiere , and elegant candleabra , Cogsworth , a pompous clock , Mrs Potts , a cheery teapot , and her son , Chip , a teacup . But the Beast was furious when he discovered a stranger in his home , and a threw Maurice in the dungeon .
When Maurice 's horse returned home alone , Bell set off at once to search for her father . " Oh , papa , " Bell cried when she found Maurice in the freezing dungeon , " we must get you out of here ! "
Sensing danger , Belle turned round . There was the Beast , towering over her . " Let my father go , " Belle pleaded . " I 'll take his place . " The Beast agreed at once . He dragged Maurice out of the cell and sent him back to the village .
The Beast showed Belle to her room . " You can go anywhere in the castle , " he told her , " except the West Wing . That is forbidden ! " Poor Belle was so miserable ! The enchanted objects tried to cheer her up with their singing and dancing . Even Cogsworth joined in .
But Belle was still lonely , and later that night she wandered through the castle . Soon she was in the West Wing . There , among broken furniture , ripped clothes and cracked mirrors , she found the magic rose , its petals drooping sadly . Just as Belle reached out to touch the rose , the Beast burst in howling with rage . Terrified , Belle ran out into the snowy night .
Belle leapt onto her father 's and set off into the forest . Suddenly she was surrounded by a pack of vicious , hungry wolves . Just as the wolves closed in for the kill , the Beast appeared . Fighting bravely , he drove the wolves away , but then he sank to the ground in pain . Back at the castle , Belle tended the Beasts wounds . He seamed different now , and she was no longer frightened of him .
Meanwhile , at the village tavern , Gaston was still brooding over belle . Suddenly , the door burst open and Maurice raced in . " Help ! " he cried . " Belle 's being held prisoner by a monstrous Beast ! " The men in the tavern burst out laughing . They thought Maurice was mad ! But Gaston smiled to himself . He had thought of a way to make Belle marry him !
As the days passed , Belle and the Beast spent more and more time together . The enchanted objects were delighted . They were certain that Belle would fall in love with their master and break the spell . But time was running out . Each day a few more petals fell from the magic rose .
One evening the Beast and Belle sat together on the terrace . " Are you happy here , Belle ? " asked the Beast . " Yes , " replied Belle . " I just wish I could see my father again . " " You can , " said the Beast , giving Belle a magic mirror . " This will show you whatever you wish . "
In it , Belle saw her father last in the forest , trembling with cold as he searched for Belle ! " I must help him ! " cried Belle . Although the Beast loved Belle , he knew he had to let her go to her father . " Take the mirror with you , " he said , " so you can remember me . "
With the mirror 's help , Belle soon found Maurice . She brought him safely home and nursed him back to health . Next day Gaston arrived at Belle 's house with a crowed of villagers . He said Maurice would be taken to an asylum unless Bell agreed to marry him . " My father 's not mad ! " cried Belle .
" He must be , " said Lefou . " He was raving about a huge beast ! " " The Beast is real ! " cried Belle . " Look ! " She help up the magic mirror , and the crowd saw the Beast for themselves . Furious that his plan had failed , Gaston gathered a mob to attack the Beast 's castle .
Cogsworth led the enchanted objects in a spirited defense of the castle . But the Beast missed Belle and was too heartbroken to fight , even when Gaston beat him with a club and drove him onto the roof . Only when he heard Belle 's voice did the Beast look up . " You came back ! " he cried , rushing to embrace Belle . This was the chance Gaston had been waiting for . Drawing his dagger , he stabbed the Beast in the back . Bust as the Beast collapsed , Gaston tripped - and fell tumbling from the roof .
Belle ran to the Beast and bent to kiss him . The last rose petal was just about to fall . " You ca n't die , " sobbed Belle . " I lobe you ! " Suddenly , a magic mist surrounded the Beast , and before Belle 's astonished eyes he changed into the handsome young prince he once had been .
One by one , the enchanted objects became human again . Weeping with joy , they hugged each other as the Prince swept Belle into his arms . The prince had found his true love at last , and the enchantress 's spell was broken . As the sun burst through the clouds , they knew they would all live in happiness for ever after .

In a big dark house sitting high on a hill ...
With a rusty front gate and cracked glass windows , overgrown with weeds and crawling with shadows , there lived a family of ghosts .
The littlest one was Boo .
The ghosts were in high spirits -- A - haunting they were going ! Now for the first time , Boo would go , too . He could n't wait to stay up late -- Just like big ghosts do !
Boo flew through the night sky , laughing out loud , to play hide - and - seek in the silver - streaked clouds .
He waved at the stars and winked at the moon and whistled a happy - ghost - lucky tune .
The wind swirled the leaves , swept them up from the ground , and Boo jumped aboard the merry - ghost - round .
Then Boo spooked an owl --   it flew off with a WHOOOO ! And just as he wondered what else to do , the fun of the ghosts ' night out was through .
Time for bed , sleepyhead , Mama Ghost said back at home . How can I sleep when I 'm ... not ... tired ? Boo yawned .
I 'll tell you how , Boo , Mama cooed . Listen to the sounds of the house .
Just close your eyes and hush -- Can you hear the ghosts float by with a WHOOSH ? WHOOSH , WHOOSH
I hear them ! said Boo . Do you ? Yes , said Mama . Now lie down . Let 's use our ears . Tell me , little Boo , what else can you hear ?
I hear some bats flapping -- FLAPPING , FLAPPING and footsteps tapping -- TAPPING , TAPPING
There are spiders clicking -- CLICKING , CLICKING and an old clock ticking -- TICKING , TICKING as ghosts float by with a WHOOSH .
Those sound so nice , Mama sighed . And there are mice ! Boo said . Scurrying around squeaking -- SQUEAKING , SQUEAKING as doors are creaking -- CREAKING , CREAKING
There are witches cackling -- CACKLING , CACKLING and skeletons rattling -- RATTLING , RATTLING as ghosts float by with a WHOOSH .
There 's more , Mama said . The floors ! Boo answered . They 're groaning—GROANING , GROANING under the monsters moaning—MOANING MOANING .
I hear wolves howling—HOWLING , HOWLING and something growling—GROWLING GROWLING as ghosts float by with a WHOOSH .
Very good , Boo , murmured Mama . What 's still missing ? Black cats hissing—HISSING HISSING . And the wind whistling—WHISTLING WHISTLING .
Then Boo grew still . So Mama whispered : While thunder is rumbling—RUMBLING RUMBLING and the rain comes drumming—DRUMMING , DRUMMING as ghosts float by with a WHOOSH .
The room was very quiet . After a while , Mama ghost opened her eyes for a peek ... And Boo was finally asleep . Good night Boo .

Bert woke up early . He was too excited to go back to sleep . " Today I 'm going to work at Hooper 's Store , " he told his pet pigeon Bernice . " David has to go to the library , so he said I could help out . " Bert whispered so he would n't wake up Ernie .
When Bert arrived at the store , David said , " Good morning ! You 're right on time . Here 's an apron for you to wear . " Bert slipped the apron on over his head . It fit perfectly . " Neato , " he said .
David showed Bert around the store . He showed him the refrigerator and the soda fountain and the cookie jar . Then he took Bert behind the counter and showed him the teapot on the shelf . " Please be careful with the teapot , " said David . " It is very special because Mr. Hooper gave it to me . " " Do n't worry , David , " said Bert . " I 'll be as careful with your teapot as I am with my paper clip collection . "
" I 'll be back in two hours , " David said as he left . " Take good care of the store ! " " Do n't worry about a thing , " Bert answered . He set places at the counter while he waited for his first customers .
Soon the door opened , and the first customer came in . " Hi , Bert , " Ernie said . " How 's it going ? " Bert smoothed his apron . " Fine , Ernie , " he said .
The door opened again , and three more customers came in . " Hi , Bert . May I have a glass of milk ? " Prairie Dawn asked . " I 'd like some Brussels sprouts , " said Herry . " Cookie , please , " said Cookie Monster . " Coming right up ! " said Bert . He knew that was what David said when he was waiting on customers .
Maria opened the door . " Hi , Bert , " she said . She was surprised to see him . " Where 's David ? " " He 's at the library , " Bert told her . " And I 'm minding the store . " " David always makes me a cup of tea , " said Maria . " Could you do that ? " " You bet , Maria ! " said Bert .
" Oh , Bert , " said Prairie Dawn . " May I have some more milk , please ? " " Coming right up ! " said Bert . Bert was trying to serve his customers as fast as David did . He reached for the Milk .
" Watch out for the teapot ! " cried Maria . But it was too late . Bert knocked the teapot off the counter . Crash ! It fell to the floor .
" Oh , no ! " cried Bert . " I have broken David 's teapot ! " Everyone stared at the pieces on the floor .
" Maybe Luis could fix it , " said Prairie Dawn . " Yeah , " said Herry . " I break lots of things , and Luis always fixes them . " " Go ahead , Bert , " said Maria . " I 'll watch the store while you go to the Fix - it Shop . " Ernie and Bert carefully picked up the pieces and put them in a paper bag .
Bert hurried to the Fix - it Shop . When he got there , Luis was fixing a radio . " Hi , Bert ! " Luis said . " What can I do for you ? " " I was working at Hooper 's Store , and I broke David 's teapot , " Bert told him . He handed Luis the bag full of broken pieces . " Can you fix it for me ? "
Luis put the broken pieces on the counter and looked at them . " I 'm sorry , Bert , " he said . " The pieces are too small to glue together . " " Are you sure ? " Bert asked . Luis nodded his head . " Well ... thanks anyway , Luis , " Bert said . He left the Fix - It Shop . He felt very sad .
Bert wandered down Sesame Street , wondering what to do . " Hey , you with the pointy head ! " Oscar called as Bert passed the trash can . " You look   sad and miserable - really great ! What happened ? " Bert held out the paper bag full of broken pieces . " This was David 's special teapot , " he said , " and I broke it . " Oscar peered into the bag . " It 's beautiful ! " he said . " Want to trade ? "
Oscar disappeared into his trash can and slammed the lid shut . A minute later he popped up , holding his favorite grouch teapot . It was cracked and broken . " It 's great for making hot mud with marshmallows , " Oscar said . Bert sighed . " Thanks anyway , Oscar , " he said . " I do n't think it would take the place of the teapot Mr. Hooper gave David . "
" What will I tell David ? " Bert wondered as he walked past 123 Sesame Street . " Hi , Bert , " Big Bird called from his nest . " Why are you so sad ? " " I was minding the store for David , and I broke his special teapot , " Bert told him . " Oh . " Big Bird thought for a minute . " Hey ! " he said . " I have something that keeps water hot . Maybe you could give it to David in place of his teapot . "
Big Bird reached into his nest and pulled out a right red hot - water bottle . Bert shook his head sadly . " I do n't think so , Big Bird , " he said . " But thanks anyway . "
Bert walked slowly back to Hooper 's Store . He slipped off the apron , folded it , and sat down to wait for David . " Now David will never let me work in the store again , " he thought . " And maybe he wo n't be my friend any more , either . "
" Hi , Bert ! I 'm back ! " David said . " How 's it going ? " Bert took a deep breath . " I broke your teapot , David . I was trying to serve the customers as fast as you do , and I knocked it off the counter . " He showed David the broken pieces . " I 'm sorry , " said Bert , trying not to cry .
David sat down on the stool next to Bert . " I think I know how you feel , " said David . " I used to help Mr. Hooper in the store when I was a little boy . One day I broke his favorite cookie jar . And do you know what he said to me ? " " What ? " asked Bert .
" Mr. Hooper said , ' My friend David is more important to me than any cookie jar . ' " David smiled . " And you know what , Bert ? " " What ? " asked Bert . " My friend Bert is more important to me than any teapot , " said David .
" I 'll buy you a new teapot , " Bert said bravely . " I 'll save my money , and maybe I can sell my paper clip collection . " " I have a better idea , " said David . " What 's that ? " asked Bert .
" You can help me in the store again next Saturday , " David said . " Do you mean it , David ? " asked Bert . " Groovy ! I will try not to break anything ever again . I promise I will be very careful . " " I know you will , " said David .

Huckle Cat and Lowly Worm were best friends . They did everything together . They walked to school together .
They sat together . They always played together at playtime .
At snack time every day Huckle and Lowly got the milk and cookies for the class . Miss Honey was happy to have such good friends in her class .
And after school they played together at Huckle 's house .
But one morning Huckle waited and waited for Lowly .
" Huckle , Huckle , or you will be late for school , " said Officer Murphy .
Huckle ran to school .   He hoped that Lowly was not sick .   Today was Huckle 's birthday .   He wanted to show his birthday presents to Lowly after school .
Huckle ran into his classroom .   He was surprised to see Lowly .   He was even more surprised to see Lowly sitting with Willy Rabbit .
" What is the matter ?   Are you mad at me ? " asked Huckle .   But Lowly did not answer .   He just giggled .   Then Lowly whispered something to WIlly and they both giggled .   Suddenly Huckle felt sad .
At PlaytimeLowly was busy whispering to everyone - everyone but Huckle .   Huckle felt even sadder .
At snack time Miss Honey said , " Today Lowly and Willy will get our snack . "   Huckle felt awful .   " THis is the worst day of my life ! " he thought .
Soon Lowly and Willy came back .   " Surprise ! " said Lowly .   They were carrying a birthday cake !
The whole class sang " Happy Birthday " to Huckle .   Then Huckle made a wish and blew out the candles .
" What was your wish ? " asked Lowly .   " I can not tell you or it will not come true , " said Huckle .   Then Miss Honey cut the cake and everyone had a piece .   " Hmmmm , good ! " said Huckle .
After school Huckle and Lowly played with Huckle 's new train set .   " This morning I was afraid that you did not want to be my best friend anymore , " said Huckle .   " I will always be your best friend , " said Lowly .
Huckle was very happy .   His birthday wish had come true .   He and Lowly would always be best friends .

On a bright and sunny day , Big and Small go out to play .
Big climbs high . Small crawls low . When suddenly , Small stubs his toe .
" A little help . please ! " Calls Small .
They cross a stream . Jump , skip , hop , hop .
When suddenly , Small has to stop . " A little help , please ! " Calls Small .
What 's for lunch ? Hmmmmmmm . Let 's see ...
When suddenly , Small spots a bee ! " A little help , please ! " Calls Small .
Up on a
hill . What fun Let 's roll !
When suddenly , Small 's down a hole . " A little help , please ! " Calls Small .
Back
home to bed .
They 're warm and snug . But Big ca n't sleep-- he needs a hug . " A little help , please ! " calls Big .
ZZZZzzzZZZ ...

One . It was a fine summer day . Big Brown Bear and his friend Rat were having a picnic . " What a good idea this was , Rat , " said Bear . " I do so love a picnic . " " Would you like another cucumber sandwich ? " asked Rat . " There is one left . "
" I suppose I could eat one more , " Bear replied . " They are my favorite . " " Yes , I know , " said Rat . " That is why I made ten of them . "
" What a special day , " said Big Brown Bear . " Indeed , " said Rat . " And do you know why it 's so special ? " " Why ? " asked Bear .
" Because today is someone 's birthday , " explained Rat . " Someone I know ? " asked Bear . " Yes , " answered Rat . " Someone you know very well . " " Oh , Rat , " cried Big Brown Bear , " it 's your birthday ! " " Not mine , Bear , " said Rat . " It 's yours ! "
" Really ? " asked Bear . " How do you know ? " " I remembered from last year , " said Rat . " Birthdays do n't change . They are always on the same day . " " Amazing , " said Bear .
Two . Big Brown Bear finished his sandwich , then lay back on the grass and closed his eyes . " Do n't go to sleep , " said Rat . " I have a surprise for you . " " What is it ? " asked Bear . " I 'll give you a clue , " said Rat as he disappeared into the picnic basket . " It has four letters and begins with a B. "
Just then , Big Brown Bear felt something bump the bottom of his foot . He sat up and looked . It was a boat ! " Oh , thank you , Rat ! " he cried . " I have always wanted a boat ! "
" I did n't get you a boat , Bear , " said Rat , emerging from the basket . But when he looked , Bear was n't there . He was sitting in the boat , adjusting the oars . " Jump aboard , Rat , " Bear called . " Let 's do for a ride ! "
Rat saw that the boat was moving away from shore , so he quickly leaped into the seat next to Bear . " As I was saying , Bear , " he tried to explain , " this is not your boat . " " Whose is it , then ? " Bear asked . " I do n't know , " said Rat . " It must have gotten loose and drifted downstream . "
" Then we 'll return it , " said Bear . " And have a boat ride , too . "
Three . With Bear working one oar and rat working the other , the boat moved steadily up the river . " Boating is so much fun , " said Big Brown Bear .
Just then a hat came floating by . Bear scooped it up and put it on his head .
Next came a fishing pole . Bear grabbed it and handed his oar to Rat . " Row on , will you , Rat ? " he asked . " I would like to fish . "
No sooner had Bear dipped his line into the water than a log drifted into view . And sitting on the log was a man . " Hullo ! " called Bear . " What a fine day to be on the river . "
" Without a boat it is n't , " the man called back . " Hey ... that 's my hat you 're wearing ! " " If you say so , " said Bear . And he tossed the hat to the man . " That 's my fishing pole , too , " the man shouted . " You 're welcome to it , " said Big Brown Bear . He held it out for the man .
" And that 's my boat ! " the man yelled . " We found it downstream , " explained Rat , " and we were trying to return it . "
Rat steered over the log , and Bear helped the man climb into the boat . " I 'm glad you came along when you did , " the man told them . " That log was getting tippy . "
With the addition of the man , there was hardly any room to row . Even worse , water was pouring in over the sides . Rat rowed faster . The man began to bail . But the extra weight was too much , and the boat slowly sank .
Once they 'd all swum safely to shore , the man decided he 'd had enough boating for one day . He was going home . " Thanks for rescuing me ! " he called over his shoulder . " Anytime ! " Bear called back . " Thank you for the boat ride . "
Four . When the man was out sight , Bear and Rat headed back to collect the picnic basket . As they walked along , Bear remembered something . " Say , Rat , " the said , " this has been terrific birthday . But if the boat was n't my present ... what is ? "
" I 'm afraid it 's not much of a present , " said Rat . " Now compared to a boat . " " Oh , boats are all right , " said Bear . " But they can sink . " " You 're right about that , Bear , " said Rat as he reached into the picnic basket .
" Here is your present , " he said , and he handed a ball to Bear . " Oh , Rat ! " cried Bear . " What a beautiful ball ! " " Do you really like it ? " asked Rat . " I do indeed , " said Bear . " Watch this ! " He tossed that ball high into the air , caught it on the tip of his nose , and balanced it there all the way home ...
... where Rat had another surprise waiting .

It 's nine o'clock on Monday morning . Big Frank is just getting to work . Big Frank is a firefighter . He works a twenty - four - hour shift . That means he will be on duty all day and all night .
This is the firehouse . This is where Big Frank lives , sleeps and eats while he is at work . Big Frank checks in a goes over his schedule . At eleven o'clock , he will make a fire inspection at the supermarket . At two o'clock , he will visit the elementary school to talk about fire safety . Big Frank has to be prepared for all kinds of emergencies , too . Who knows what will happen during his shift !
The Fire Chief asks Big Frank to fuel up the fire trucks . Big Frank heads for the garage . Big Frank 's company has three fire trucks . The hook and ladder is used for aerial rescues . The brush breaker has four - wheel drive and can go where there are no roads . Big Frank drives the pumper engine . The pumper holds water - 1,000 gallons !
After he takes care of the engines , Big Frank checks his gear . He wears a helmet to protect his head , a fireproof coat and pants to protect his body , and sturdy boots to protect his feet . He has a wooden wedge for propping open doors , and an oxygen pack and mask in case the fires are very smoky . Big Frank hangs his equipment next to the pumper engine . Now he is ready for anything .
Big Frank sits down with his partner Mike for a cup of coffee . Just then the fire bell rings . At the same time , the lights in front of the station start flashing , and the computer starts printing .
The first thing Big Frank does is check to see if anyone is hurt . He is glad he has his paramedic training - one lady has a bad cut on her head . Big Frank bandages the cut and Mike radios for an ambulance . Meanwhile , Gary and Janet spray the burning car with a special foam made for gasoline fires . The flames go out , and a tow truck come to haul the wrecked car away .
Big Frank returns to the station with the others and fills out his report . He looks at his watch - it , s nearly eleven o'clock ! He drives over the the KwikShop to make his inspection . Big Frank inspects the store 's sprinkler system to make sure it is working properly . He checks the emergency doors to see if they will open in case of a fire . He also runs a test of the alarm system . The supermarket has a smoke alarm that rings right in the fire station . Everything looks ok .
Back at the firehouse . Big Frank eats lunch with the other firefighters . Then he takes a short nap in his bunk .
At two o'clock . Big Frank and Mike drive the pumper engine over to the Niceview Elementary School . Big Frank and Mike talk to the second - grade class about fire safety . Mike tells them that smoke detectors are very important . He shows them how to check their smoke detectors at home . Big Frank teaches the class what to do in case of a house fire . He tells them to stay low so they wo n't breath to much smoke . Then he shows then how to stop . Drop . and Roll !
On the way back to the station , a call comes in over the radio .
At nightfall , the wind picks up speed . Suddenly , the fire goes out of control and races toward the forest . This fire is too big for one company to handle alone . Big Frank radios for help . Two more companies are on their way .
Big Frank knows all the firefighters in the other companies . He has worked will all of them many times . Together they make a good team . By midnight , they have saved the nearby houses from catching fire . They have headed off the blaze to the north , south and east . But the fire is still spreading west through the trees . Even the brush breakers ca n't keep up ! Big Frank calls in a squad of special firefighting helicopters . Soon they are whirring overhead .
The firefighters battle the blaze from the ground . The helicopters drop chemicals from the air . Finally , after fourteen hours , the fire begins to die out . The worst is over . Big Frank is tired . No wonder - it is nearly six o'clock in the morning . As soon as the next shift of firefighters arrives , Big Frank and his company head back to the firehouse .
Back at the station , Big Frank helps wash down the trucks . They are sooty from the fire . Big Frank is dirty too . He has ashes all over him - even in his hair . Big Frank jumps in the shower . Then he puts on clean clothes and eats a big breakfast .
It 's nine o'clock on Tuesday morning . Big Frank 's shift is over . Big Frank waves good - bye to the other firefighters . He ca n't wait to go home . He ca n't wait to hug Amber and little Frank .
Big Frank will have two days off to spend with his family . Then he 'll start another shift , fighting fires and helping everyone 's family stay safe and sound .

Hiro and Tadashi were brothers .
They loved to create fantastic new inventions .
Tadashi invented a nurse BDT named Baymax . A special nursing chip inside Baymax allowed him to help sick people . " Hello I am Baymax . "
Hiro invented tiny machines called microbots . Working together , the little microbots could create much larger objects ! Professor Callaghan , a robotics teacher , was impressed .
After an accident at school Hiro was left without his brother . He felt all alone .
But Hiro was not alone . He had Tadashi 's nurse bot , Baymax .
Hiro and Baymax discovered that a villain named Yokai had stoen the microbots !
Yokai sent a swarm of microbots to attack them . Hiro 's friends wanted to help ...
... but Yokai chased them ! Hiro and his friends barely escaped with their lives !
The team needed a plan to fight Yokai . Hiro invented high - tech super suits for each of them !
The suits gave everyone superpowers ! Even Baymax got a new suit- with wings and a rocket fist !
When Yokai attached a secret laboratory , a dangerous portal opened up . It started to pull everything inside !
Then Hiro discovered that Yokai was professor callaghan ! Callaghan 's daughter , Abigail , had been lost when she entered the portal on a risky mission . He wanted revenge on the scientist who was responsible .
Baymax 's sensors were picking up signs of life .
Hiro and Baymax bravely flew into the portal . They would rescue Abigail !
Hiro and Baymax found Abigail 's lost space pod . But Baymax was damaged and running out of power fast !
Baymax had a plan to get them home . Hiro hugged his friend good - bye .
Then Baymax used the last of his power to blast his fist out of the portal , taking Hiro and Abigail with it .
Hiro and Abigail were safe ! But Baymax was gone .
Even though Hiro had lost Baymax , he still had the robot 's nursing chip . That gave him an idea .
Hiro rebuilt Baymax ! Big Hero 6 was back and ready for action !

" Now listen up , " said Big Mum Plum , " And hear the words I say—Eat your porridge everyone ... You're off to school today ! "
That gave her pigs a mighty scare . They jumped from the table , stool , and chair and scattered here , there , everywhere and hid themselves away .
" Oh you can run , " yelled Big Mum Plum . " But I will always find you ... " You creep into that hiding place , so very secret , very safe , then turn around you 'll see the face of BIG MUM PLUM behind you ! "
The first to go was porky Paul . Behind the coat - rack in the hall . A clever place to hide , no doubt ... Except his feet were sticking out .
Then after him was sneezy Tim , who hid inside the washing bin . He nearly got away with it ... CHOO—until he had a sneezing fit ..
The next one out was Betsy - Mae . Oh what a place to hide away ! Big Mum Plum she pulled the chain ... Dear Betsy wo n't hide there again .
Number four was scooty Sid . Up the chimney Sid had hid . Mum grabbed her brush and pole - by - pole , she shoved it up the darkened hole ...
... Until she heard the pleasing ' POP , ' of Sidney coming out the top .
Out in the yard Mum spotted Lance , squatting by the potted plants . She stalked him like a cunning fox ... And   caught him by the hollyhock .
Then into Suzie 's room crept Mum . And blew on Sue 's euphorium . She blew it hard with depth and feeling . PARP ! Suzie nearly hit the ceiling .
And best of all of course was Trevor . Trevor , being oh - so - clever , hid away in Big Mum 's car . The wisest place to hide by far . How smart of you , dear Trev . Well done ...
But not as smart as BIG MUM PLUM !
Mum loaded all her pigs on board . Then off to scary school they roared .
But when they got there , what they saw , just was n't scary , not at all ... Photographs of far - off places . Painted plates with funny faces . Tips on how to tie our laces . Butterflies on strings .
And best of all was small Miss Peach , who welcomed them and made a speech . Oh how much she would love to teach them lots and lots of things .
The pigs had such a smashing day . They did n't want to go away . They all decided they would stay when home time came around . Off they went—north , south , east , west—into cupboard , trunk , and chest . Poor Miss Peach she did her best , but not one pig she found .
Then through the door came Big Mum Plum and with a roar of " Here I come ! " she caught them all , yes , every one . And when the dreadful deed was done ...
She took them home for buttered bun and chocolate spread on toast .
" School is great ! Yes , school is fun ! We love our school ! " They told their mum . " But not as much as Big Mum Plum . "
" Mum Plum we love the most . "

Once there was a witch who wanted to make pumpkin pie . So she planted a pumpkin seed . She weeded and watered , and after a while a sprout poked through . And then a pumpkin grew . And it grew . And it grew some more .
Soon Halloween was just hours away . The witch thought about pumpkin pie and bend down to take her pumpkin off the vine .
Well , she pulled and she tugged and she pulled . First she pulled hard and then she pulled harder . But that pumpkin just sat . “Drat!” said the witch .
Just then , along came a ghost . “Big pumpkin,” said the ghost . “It’s big and its mine , but it’s stuck on vine and Halloween’s just hours away,” said the witch . And she kicked that pumpkin . “ I am bigger than you and stronger , too,” boasted the ghost . “Let me try.”
“Hmph!” said the witch . But she thought about pumpkin pie and stepped aside .
The ghost bent down to take the pumpkin off the vine . Well , he pulled and he tugged and he pulled . First he pulled hard and then he pulled harder . But that pumpkin just sat . “Drat!” said the ghost .
Just then , along came a vampire . “Big pumpkin,” said the vampire . It’s big and its mine , but it’s stuck on vine and Halloween’s just hours away,” said the witch . And she kicked that pumpkin.” “I am bigger than both of you and stronger , too,” boasted the vampire . “Let me try.” “Hmph!” said the witch . “Hmph!” Said the ghost .
But they thought about pumpkin pie and stepped aside . The vampire bent down to take the pumpkin off the vine . Well , he pulled and he tugged and he pulled . First he pulled hard and then he pulled harder . But that pumpkin just sat . “Drat!” said the vampire .
Just then , along came a mummy . “Big pumpkin,” said the mummy . “It’s big and its mine , but it’s stuck on vine and Halloween’s just hours away,” said the witch . And she kicked that pumpkin . “I am bigger than all of you and stronger too,” boasted the mummy . “Let me try.” “Hmph!” said the witch . “Hmph!” said the ghost . “Hmph ! said the vampire . But they thought about pumpkin pie and stepped aside .
The mummy bent down to take the pumpkin off the vine . Well , she pulled and tugged and she pulled . First she pulled hard and then she pulled harder but that pumpkin just sat.”Drat!” said the mummy .
Just then , along came a bat . “big pumpkin , ” said the bat . The witch didn’t say a word . She just looked at the ghost and rolled her eyes . The ghost looked at the vampire . The vampire looked at the mummy . They all looked at the little bat . And they started to laugh . “I may not be big and I may not be strong,” said the bat . “Bit I have anidea.” And the bat told them what to do . “Hmph!” said the witch . “Hmph!” said the ghost . “Hmph ! said the vampire . “Hmph!” said the mummy .
”Ready , set , pull!” called the bat . The bat pulled the mummy , the mummy pulled the vampire , the vampire pulled the ghost , the ghost pulled the witch , and the witch pulled the pumpkin . Well , they pulled and they tugged and they pulled . First they pulled hard and then they pulled harder and
Snap ! Off came the pumpkin ! ”Drat!” said the witch . Whoosh ! It flew and it flew and … [ blank ]
Thud ! It landed on top of a hill and …  thump - bump , thump - bump , thump - bump . It bounced all the way down to the witch’s house . And when it got to her door , that pumpkin just sat . “Hurray for the bat!” shouted the witch . And she hurried inside to make pumpkin pie .
“Mmm,” said the ghost . “Have some more,” said the witch . “Couldn’t eat another bite,” said the vampire . “Fun party,” said the mummy . “Time to go,” said the bat .
“Drat!” said the witch as she watched them all leave . Then she went right out and planted another pumpkin seed .

By the big red barn In the great green field ,
There was a pink pig Who was learning to squeal .
There was a great big horse And a very little horse .
And on every barn Is a weather vane , of course- A golden flying horse .
There was a big pile of hay And a little pile of hay , And that is where the children play .
But in this story the children are away . Only the animals are here today .
The sheep and the donkey , The geese and the gas , Were making funny noises Down in their throats .
An old scarecrow Was learning on his hoe . And a field mouse was born
In a field of corn .
Cock - a - doodle - dooooo ! In the barn there was a rooster And a pigeon , too .
And a big white hen Standing on one leg . And under the hen was a quiet egg .
There was a bantam rooster And a little bantam hen With a bog clutch of eggs . Count them . There are ten .
Cock - a - doodle - doo ! Mooooooooo ! Moo ! There was a big brown cow And a little brown cow .
There was an old black cat , Meow ! Meow ! And a tiger tomcat , Yeow ! Yeow !
There was a bog red dog , Bow ! Wow ! With some little puppy dogs Allround and warm .
And they all lived together In the big red barn .
And they played all day In the grass and in the hay .
When the sun went down In the great green field , The big cow lowed , The little pig squealed .
The horses stomped in the sweet warm hat , And the little donkey gave one last bray .
The hens were sleeping on their nests . Even the roosters took a rest . The little black bats flew away Out of the barn at the end of the day .
And there they were all night long
Sound asleep
In the big red barn .
Only the mice were left to play , Rustling and squeaking in the hay ,
While the moon sailed high
In the dark night sky .

Big smelly bear never washed .
Big smelly bear never brushed . Big smelly bear never took a bath . Big smelly bear was followed by a big smelly stink wherever he went . Flies buzzed all around him . But they were the only ones that ever came close .
When the animals in the forest got a whiff of Big Smelly Bear , they ran away as quickly as they could . None of this seemed to bother Big Smelly Bear . But sometimes he did think that it would be nice to have a friend .
Then , one morning , everything changed . Big smelly bear woke up with the most terrible itch . He tried to scratch his back with his paw ... but he could n't reach .
He tried rolling on the ground in the dirt . But that did n't stop the itching either . Big smelly bear was itchier and dustier than ever .
He tried scratching his back with a tree branch . But that made the itch even itchier .
He tried rubbing his back against the trunk of an old tree . But that did n't help at all .
" I would scratch your back for you , " said a voice from above , " but you are much too smelly . "
Big smelly bear looked up and saw a big fluffy bear sitting in some branches . Big fluffy bear smiled at big smelly bear .
" Why do n't you take a bath ? " asked big fluffy bear . " Then you would n't itch or smell . " " Because I do n't need a bath , " replied big smelly bear .
" Yes , you do , " said big fluffy bear . " No , I do n't ! " said big smelly bear . " Yes , you do ! " growled big fluffy bear . " No , I do not ! " growled big smelly bear back . " Yes , you do ! " cried big fluffy bear . " No , I do not ! " shouted big smelly bear .
" yes you do ! " shouted big fluffy bear . " Because you stink ! " Both big bears sat quietly for a minute . Then big smelly bear sighed a big sigh . " Oh , all right ! " he said , and he stomped off grumpily down the hill to the pond .
When big smelly bear got out of the pond , he shook the water from his big body . Big fluffy bear jumped down from the tree and sniffed . " There , " she said , " that 's much better . Now you smell all clean . " And she scratched his back for him .
The itch was gone ! Big smelly bear sighed . " Thank you , " he said . Then he gave big fluffy bear 's back a little scratch , too . " I 'm not going to take any more baths , " said big smelly bear . Big fluffy bear smiled , and the two big bears had a little bear hug .
Big smelly bear liked big fluffy bear very much . Even though he said he would never bathe again , sometimes , late at night , he would wander down to the big pong . And can you guess what he was doing ?

Big truck , quarry truck , splish , splash , muck .
Quarry truck , big truck , slip , slide , stuck !
Dump truck , tow truck , pull us from the yucky muck .
Heave - ho , dump truck , quarry truck push . Splish , splash , mud bath , mud bath mush !
Oh no ! Dump truck , quarry truck push , quarry truck , dump truck , slip , slide , muck .
dump truck , tow truck , sinking in the mush . Dump truck , quarry truck , sink , sunk , stuck !
Little yellow dumper digger ! Everybody shout ! Dumper digger , yellow digger , please dig us out !
Quarry truck still stuck ,
dump truck too , dig , little yellow digger , little digger do !
Dig down , dig around , digging in the muddy ground .
Heave - ho ! Crash bash ! Dig a bigger splish splash ,
Oh no ! slip , slide , mud bath mash , little yellow dumper digger upside down ...
crash !
Quarry truck , dump truck ,
little digger too , all stuck , still stuck , whatever will they do ?
Bigger digger , dumper digger , to the rescue ! Dig , bigger dumper digger , bigger digger , do !
Down , down , deep down , dig down deep . Dig a bigger deep down , big mud heap .
Roll over , little digger , bigger digger push . Little digger unstuck , out of the mush !
Dig , bigger dumper digger , little digger , do ! Dump truck , quarry truck , unstuck too !
Thank you , bigger dumper digger ! Everybody shout ! Let 's do it all again and dig each other out !

In the morning
I hear birds singing through the open window .
Birds can be yellow or blue or brown or red or even green , I think .
( blank )
Sometimes they are so black that you ca n't see
their eyes or their feathers just their shapes .
Birds can be BIG or little
or any size in between .
Once I saw seven birds on the telephone wire . They did n't move and they did n't move
and they did n't move . I looked away for just a second ...
( blank )
and they were gone .
If birds made marks with their tail feathers when they flew , ,
think what the sky would look like .
If clouds were birds the sky would look like this .
Or this .
Sometimes , in winter , a bird in a tree looks like one red leaf left over .
( blank )
If there are lots of birds in one tree and they all fly away
at the same time , it looks like the tree yelled ,
" SURPRISE ! "
If I were a bird , I 'd ask where all the other birds go
when it 's stormy and they ca n't get home to their nests .
( blank )
I like to pretend I 'm a bird . I ca n't really fly , but I can do this ...
I can sing !

Woof ! Woof ! What does Biscuit see ?
Woof ! Woof ! Biscuit sees the baby .
Biscuit wants to meet the baby !
Woof ! Woof ! Sshhh ! Quiet , Biscuit . The baby is sleeping .
It 's not time to meet the baby yet .
Woof , woof ! Biscuit sees the baby 's rattle .
Woof , woof ! Biscuit sees the baby 's bunny .
Woof , woof ! Biscuit wants to meet the baby !
Sshhh ! Quiet , Biscuit . The baby is still sleeping . It 's not time to meet the baby yet .
Woof , woof ! Silly puppy ! That 's not your blanket .
Oh no , Biscuit . Those booties are for the baby . Woof , woof !
Funny puppy ! You want to meet the baby . But it 's not time to meet the baby yet .
Woof !
Waa ! Waa ! Waa ! Waa !
Woof ! Woof ! Woof ! Woof !
Biscuit , come back . It 's only the baby !
Woof , woof !
Here , sweet puppy . Now it 's time to meet the baby . Woof , woof !
Best of all , its time for the baby to meet a new friend !
Woof !

Here comes the school bus ! Woof , woof !
Stay here , Biscuit . Dogs do n't go to school . Woof !
Where is Biscuit going ? Is Biscuit going to the pond ? Woof !
Is Biscuit going to the park ? Woof !
Biscuit is going to school ! Woof , woof !
Biscuit wants to play ball . Woof , woof !
Biscuit wants to hear a story . Woof , woof ! Shhh !
Biscuit wants a snack . Woof , woof !
Oh , Biscuit ! What are you doing here ? Dogs do n't go to school !
Oh , no ! Her comes the teacher ! Woof !
Biscuit wants to meet the teacher . Woof !
Biscuit wants to meet the class . Woof , woof !
Biscuit likes school ! Woof , woof !
And everyone at school likes Biscuit ! Woof !

Here , Biscuit . It 's time for the pet show ! Woof , woof !
There will be lots of pets , and prizes , too ! Woof , woof !
Come along , sweet puppy . You want to look your best . Woof !
Hold still , Biscuit . Woof , woof ! Funny puppy ! Do n't tug now !
Hold still , Biscuit . Woof , woof !
Oh , Biscuit ! It 's not time to roll over .
Woof , woof ! It 's time for the pet show !
Look at all the pets , Biscuit . Woof , woof ! Biscuit sees his friend Puddles .
Bow , wow ! Woof , woof !
Biscuit sees his friend Sam .
Ruff ! Woof , woof !
Biscuit sees lots of new friends , too .
Woof , woof !
Hold still now , Biscuit . Here comes the judge .
Woof ! Oh no , Biscuit . Come back !
Biscuit wants to see the fish . Woof !
Biscuit wants to see the bunnies . Woof !
Woof , woof !
Biscuit wants to see all of the pets at the pet show !
Silly puppy ! Here you are .
What prize will you win now ? Woof , woof !
Oh , Biscuit ! You won the best prize of all ! Woof !
1 Friend

This is Biscuit and his friend Sam .
Biscuit is a small puppy . Woof , woof ! Sam is a big dog . Ruff !
Biscuit and Sam are good friends .
Ruff ! Sam can run fast .
Woof , woof ! Biscuit wants to run fast , too !
Ruff ! Sam can carry a big stick .
Woof , woof ! Biscuit wants to carry a big stick , too .
Woof , woof ! Ruff !
Biscuit and Sam want to play tug .
Here , Biscuit ! Here , Sam ! It is time for a drink
Splash ! Silly puppy ! Sam 's dish is too big for you !
Woof , woof ! Ruff ! Biscuit and Sam want to play fetch .
Ready ? Fetch !
Uh - oh ! There goes the ball ! Now what will we do ?
Wait , Sam ! That fence is too big for you !
Woof ! Oh , Biscuit !
Sam is a big friend , but only a small puppy like you could do that !
Ruff ! Woof , woof !

" Wake up , Biscuit .   It 's Earth Day ! "   Woof , woof !
" It 's a beautiful spring day , and we have lots to do . "
" We 've learned a lot about Earth Day at school , Biscuit .   Today we are going to have a great celebration .   Best of all , you can come along . "   Woof , woof !
" Let 's get ready to go ! "   Woof !
" On Earth Day we celebrate ways to take good care of our world , Biscuit .   Saving water is one way we can help .
See , Biscuit ?   I must turn off the water when I brush my teeth .   I do n't want to waste a drop ! "   Woof , woof !
On Earth Day , it 's important to help all creatures big and small , Biscuit . "   Woof , woof !
" Sweet puppy !   Those twigs are just what the birds need to build a nest .   We can leave some birdseed , too . "   Woof !
" Come along , Biscuit .   The celebration is about to begin . "   Woof , woof !
" We 're all going to plant a garden .   We can plant flowers , vegetables , and even trees ! "   Woof , woof !   " That 's the way to dig , Biscuit . "   Woof !
" With lots of sunshine and water , our seeds will grow and grow . "   Woof , woof !
" Good , Biscuit !   You found the watering can .   You found a wiggly worm , too ! "   Woof , woof !
" This way , Biscuit .   It 's time for our clean - up walk .   We can pick up paper and litter to keep the woods nice and clean . "   Woof , woof !
" Silly puppy !   No tugging ! "   Woof , woof !
" Biscuit , what have you found now ? "   Woof !
" Oh no , Biscuit !   Not a big shake ! "   Woof , woof !   " Funny puppy !   You are keeping the pond clean , too . "
" Look , Biscuit .   I decorated a bag especially for Mom and Dad to carry groceries .   They can use it again and again .   That 's called recoiling .
" Can you tell which bag is mine ? "   Woof , woof !
" This Earth Day celebration is lots of fun , Biscuit . We can sing songs and share snacks . "   Woof , woof !
" We can learn even more ways to keep our planet safe for everyone . "   Woof , woof !
Woof !   " Wait , Biscuit !   Where are you going now ? "   Woof , woof !
" Hooray , Biscuit !   We can be good helpers on Earth Day … "   Woof , woof !   " … and every day ! "   Woof !

One day , a black dog came to visit the Hope family .   Mr. Hope was the first to see it .   " My goodness ! " he cried , dropping his toast .   He did n't waste any time in calling the police .   " there 's a black dog the size of a tiger outside my house ! " he told the policeman .   The policeman laughed .   " What should I do ? " asked Mr. Hope .   " Do n't go outside , " said the policeman , and put down the phone .
Mrs. Hope was next to get up .   " My Goodness ! " she cried , dropping her mug of tea .   She did n't waste any time in calling for Mr. Hope .   " Did you know there 's a black dog the size of an elephant outside ? " she yelled .   " Yes , " said Mr. Hope .   " What should we do ? " asked Mrs. Hope .   " Turn out the lights so it does n't know we 're here ! " said Mr. Hope .
Adeline Hope was next to get up .   " My goodness ! " she cried , dropping her toothbrush .   She did n't waste any time in calling for her parents .   " Did you know there 's a black dog the size of a Tyrannosaurus rex outside ? "   " Yes , " said Mr. and Mrs. Hope together .   " What should we do ? " asked Adeline .   " Close the curtains so it ca n't see us . "
Maurice Hope was next to get up .   " My goodness ! " he cried , dropping his teddy bear .   He did n't waste any time in calling for the family .   " Did you know there 's a black dog the size of a Big Jeffy outside ? "   " What 's a Big Jeffy ? " asked Adeline Hope .   " Never mind that !   What should we do ? " demanded Maurice Hope .   " Hide under the covers ! " they all wailed .
It was then that the youngest member of the Hope family , called Small ( for short ) , noticed that something was going on .   " What are you all doing under there ? "   " We 're hiding form the black dog ! " they whispered .   " Oh , you are such sillies , " said Small , opening the front door .   " Do n't go out there ! " cried her family .   " The hound will eat you up ! "   " It 'll munch your head ! "   " It 'll crunch your bones ! "   But Small went anyway .
Outside , the Black Dog leaned down toward her and BREATHED .   " Golly , you ARE big ! " said Small .   " What are you doing here , you guffin ? "   The Black Dog SNUFFED at her .
" All right then , " she said .   " If you 're going to eat me , you 'll have to catch me first . "   And with that , she scurried into the lowering trees .   As she ran , she made up a song :
" You ca n't follow where I go , unless you shrink , or do n't you know ? "   The black dog followed ....
As Small hurried toward the frozen pond , under the little bridge , and over the ice , she sang :
" Your paws are thick ; ice is thin .   a great big dog just might fall in . "   And the black dog followed ....
Next she scuttled through the playground , down the slide , and around the merry - go - round , singing :
" You might be big , I may be small , but I 'm not afraid of you at all . "   And still the black dog followed ....
Finally , Small had run all the way back to the house .   " You 'll find out why they all hide , if you follow me inside . "   And with that , Small tumbled into   her warm home through the cat flap .   She really was that small .   And so , by now , was the black dog .
Inside , Small grabbed a laundry basket , and , as the black dog scrabbled in behind her , she covered him with a loud " HA ! "   Just then , the rest of the Hope family popped up from behind their barricade .   " You have n't been munched ! " cried Mrs. Hope .   " You have n't been crunched ! " cheered Mr. Hope .   " You have n't been eaten ! "   yelled Maurice Hope ( missing a poetic opportunity ) .   " But where 's the black dog ? " asked Adeline .   Without a word , Small lifted the basket .
The rest of the Hope family was extremely pleased to see that the black dog was neither as huge nor as scary as they had feared .   " He does n't seem fierce at all , now that I really look at him , " said Mr. Hope .   The rest of the family agreed .
" We were silly , " said Adeline .   " Only Small knew the right thing to do . "   Everyone was quiet for a while , thinking about how brave Small had been .   " You 've got a lot of courage , facing up to a big , fearsome thing like that , " said Mrs. Hope .
" There was nothing to be scared of , you know , " replied Small Hope as she went to sit by the fire .   And the black dog followed .

Blue hat , green hat , red hat , oops .
Red shirt , blue shirt
yellow shirt , oops .
Yellow pants , red pants ,
green pants , oops .
Blue coat ,
oops .
Red socks ,
oops .
Green shoes , yellow shoes ,
blue shoes , oops .
Yellow hat , green shirt , blue pants , ( purple socks ! ) red shoes
oops .

Boats float .
They float on quiet ponds ,
and busy rivers ,
and the wide , blue sea .
Some boats are big .
Some boats are small .
Some boats go fast .
Some boats go slow .
What makes a boat go ? Oars and paddles make some boats go .
Wind - filled sails make others go .
Motors and engines make some boats go ,
and barges are pulled or pushed by tugs .
There are boats for work
and boats for play .
On the busy waters of our world ,
there are boats .

On the water
there goes a rowboat .
Here comes a sailboat
sailing by .
There is a motorboat
speeding through waves .
A fireboat rushes
to put out a fire .
A ferryboat carries
people and cars .
There goes a fishing boat
out to sea .
Here comes a cruise ship
into the harbor .
Here comes a tugboat
to help the ship dock .
Here is the tugboat
pushing and pulling .
Here is the ship
at the dock .
Here are the workers
loading the ship .
Here are the people
going on board .
Here are the people
waving good - bye .
There goes the ship
sailing away .
Bon voyage .

Boat float .
They float on quiet ponds ,
and busy rivers ,
and the wide , blue sea .
Some boats are big .
Some boats are small .
Some boats go fast .
Some boats go slow .
What makes a boat go ? Oars and paddles make some boats go .
Wind - filled sails make others go .
Motors and engines make some boats go ,
and barges are pulled or pushed by tugs .
There are boats for work
and boats for play .
On the bust waters of our world ,
there are boats .

Hilda Mae Heifer was down in the dumps .   Feeling low .   Sounding like it too .   Even her moo was blue .
The goose shook his head .   " Wow .   That is one unhappy cow . "   " She sounds miserable , " said the hen .   " I second that , " said the pig .   " That blubbering bovine is ruining my siestas .   I have n't slept in days ! "
Even when Hilda was at her happiest , she was far from the best singer .   Now these new blue boo - boo moos were than everyone 's ears and earplugs could take .   But what could they do ?
Not much .   Day … after day … after day …  Hilda hung her head and blue mooed from barn to pasture .   Pasture to barn .   And finally , she would just come home and stall out .
" I believe Hilda is lonely , " said the cat .   " I do n't think she likes singing solo . "   The pig covered his ears .   " I 'm not fond of her singing solo myself . "   " She needs help , " said the cat .   " I could n't agree more ! " said the pig .
" What Hilda needs is a partner , " continued the cat .   " I bet a duet would be just the thing to lift her spirits ! "   The hen gathered her chicks and clucked .   " Why , of course .   Two is always better than one !   Especially if the other can carry a tune . "
" Then --- why not a trio ? " added the goose .   " A quartet ! " chimed in the pig .   " The more the merrier !   I know it will make me happy . "
So the four decided to help Hilda Mae lose her Boo - Hoo Blues .   They would find the off - key cow some singing partners .   But just who to moo ?   That was a difficult decision .   They made a list :
1 . Singers who did n't sing too loudly .
2 . Singers who did n't sing too softly .
3 . Singers who had talent !
" Actually , " said the cat , " I think a Mew mew mew would sound lovely with a Moo moo moo .   In fact , I spent a good deal of my youth warbling at the moon .   I believe I will sing with Hilda . "   " YOU ? " cried the surprised threesome .   The goose waddled over to the cat and cleared his throat .   " Uh , just a minute there , fuzz face .   If any of us is going to have a sing - along with the cow … it 's yours truly . "   " YOU ? "   " My honking is legendary .   Get a load of this-
" Honk honk honk honk honk h - h - h - honk ! "   " Mi mi mew mew mew . "
The hen bristled .   " Ha !   My cluck is positively operatic !   " Cluck cluck cluck cluck .   Cluck cluck .   P'awk !   P'awk !   P'awk ! "   The pig interrupted the squawking soprano .   " It is not crowing but crooning that is needed here .   I am the proper baritone to compliment that cow . "
" YOU ? "   " Me , " said the pig .   " Listen and observe : Oink oink oink oink ! "   " Ha !   P'awk cluck cluck cluck ! "   " Oink oink oink - snort ! "
" Hold it down !   Zip it !   Quiet ! " shouted the goose .   The four stared at one another .   Then the goose giggled .   " You know something … that was n't half bad .   In fact , it sounded pretty good !   Let 's try that again . "   He tapped his foot on a downbeat .   " And a one - and a two- "
" Honk honk honk cluck cluck snort me - oooooooow ! "   The pig blushed with excitement .   " Oh , my dears , we should form a chorus and sing along with Hilda ! "   " But we need more singers for a whole chorus , " advised the cat .   Many more singers , they all agreed .
Auditions began that very afternoon .   There was quite a turnout …  " Baaa - baaa - b - a - a - aa - aaaaa .   Baaa - a - a - aa - aaaaa . "
" Doodle - doodle - doo ! "   " Woof .   Woof .   Woof .   Woof !   Arf !   Arf !   Bow - wow ! "   " Ribbit . "
" Nay !   Nay !   Nay !   Nay !   Nay !   Nay - nay - nay nay - nay nay ! "   " … Quack ! "   " Squeak squeak squeak squeak squeak ! "
And just when they heard all there was to hear - the cows came home .
It was quite a chorus .   The four were certain no one would be able to   hear a wayward mi - mi - moo from Hilda even if they tried .   They all applauded .   " Fabulous !   Superb !   We love it ! "   The question was … would Miss Heifer ?   And would she tra - la - la along with them ?
The sun was setting just as Hilda bounded across the meadow .   The barnyard chorus was so excited they burst into song to greet her .   Hilda was baffled .   Bewildered .   Completely befuddled .   " HuuuUUH ? "   " You ai n't heard nothing ' yet ! " honked the goose .
" Surprise ! " sang out the cat .   " We formed a chorus so you could sing along with friends .   Now you wo n't be sad or lonely , and your moo will never be blue again ! "
Hilda grinned .   " Me ?   Mi - mi - MOO with all of yoooooooou ?   How too - toooo grand .   Bu … I 've given up singing . "   " What ? "   " To be honest , " said Hilda , " I do n't think I can really sing . "   The pig raised his eyebrows .   " No kidding . "   Hilda nodded .   " Yup .   I 'm giving it up . "   The pig immediately removed his earplugs and smiled broadly .   " Bravo !   A gloriously intelligent decision , my dear ! "
The cow grinned .   " It 's true .   I am definitely not a singer .   I have the soul of a dancer !   I 'm a heifer who 's a hoofer !   Who knew I was so light on my feet ! "
" Quick !   Somebody hand me my ice pack . "

It was breakfast time . Father was eating his egg . Gloria was sitting in a high chair and eating her egg too . Frances was eating bread and jam . " What a lovely egg ! " said Father . " It is just   the thing to start the day off right , " said Mother . Frances did not eat her egg .
Frances sang a little song to it . She sang the song very softly : I do not like the way you slide , I do not like your soft inside , I do not like you lots of ways , And I could do for many days Without eggs . Frances spread jam on another slice of bread .
JAM
" Why do you keep eating bread and jam , " asked Father , " when you have a lovely egg ? " " I like bread and jam , " said Frances , " because it does not slide off your spoon in a funny way . "
" Well , of course , " said Father . " But there are other kinds of eggs . " " Yes , " said Frances . " But sunny - side - up eggs line on the plate and look up at you . And sunny - side - down eggs just lie on their stomachs and wait . "
" I think it is time for you to go to school now , " said Mother .
Francis picked up her books , her lunch box , and her skipping rope . Then she kissed Mother and Father good - bye and went to the bus stop .
SCHOOL BUS
While she waited for the bus she skipped and sang : Jam on biscuits , jam on toast , Jam is the thing that I like most . Jam is sticky , jam is sweet , Jam is tasty , jam 's a treat—raspberry , strawberry , gooseberry , I m very FOND ... OF ... JAM !
That evening for dinner Mother cooked breaded veal cutlets , with string beans and baked potatoes . " Ah ! " said Father . " What is there nicer on the plate and tastier to eat than breaded veal cultlet ! " " It is a nice a dish , " said Mother . " Eat up the string bean , Gloria . " Frances looked at her plate and sang : What do cutlets wear Before they 're breaded ? Flannel nightgowns ? Cowboy boots ? Furry jackets ? Sailor suits ?
Then Frances spread jam on a slice of break and took a bite , " She wo n't try anything new , " said Mother and Father . " Well , " said Frances , " there are many different things to eat , and they taste many different ways . But when I have bread and jam I always know what I am getting , and I am always pleased . "
" You try new things in your school lunches , " said Mother . " Today I gave you a chicken - salad sandwich . " " I traded it to Albert , " said Frances . " For what ? " said Father . " Bread and jam , " said Frances .
The next morning at breakfast Father sat down and said , " Now I call that a pretty sight ! Fresh orange juice and poached eggs on toast . " Frances began to sing a little song : Poached eggs on toast , Why do you shiver With such a funny little quiver ? Then she looked down and saw that she did not have a poached egg .
" I have no poached egg , " said Frances . " I have nothing but orange juice . " " I know , " said Mother . " Why is that ? " said Frances . " Even Gloria has a poached egg , and she is nothing but a baby . "
" You do not like eggs , " said Mother . " Have some bread and jam if you are hungry . " So frances ate bread and jam and went to school .
JAM
When the lunch bell rang Frances sat down next to her friend Albert . " What do you have today ? " said Frances . " I have cream cheese - cucumber - and - tomato sandwich , " said Albert . " And a hard - boiled egg and salt shaker . And a thermos of milk . And a bunch of grapes . And a tangerine and a cup custard .
" What do you have ? " he said . Frances opened her lunch . " Bread and jam , " she said . " You 're lucky , " said Albert . " That 's just what you like . " " I had bread and jam for dinner last night , " said Frances , " and for breakfast this morning . I am a very lucky girl , I guess . "
Albert took a napkin and tucked it under his chin . He arranged his lunch neatly . " I like cream cheese with cucumber and tomatoes on rye , " said Albert . With his spoon he cracked the egg . He sprinkled salt on the yolk . He took a bite of sandwich , a bite of egg , and a drink of milk . Then he went around again . Albert made the sandwich , the egg , and the milk come out even .
Albert sighed . " I like to have a good lunch , " he said .
Frances ate her bread and jam . Then she went out to the playground and skipped rope .
She did not skip as fast as she had skipped in the morning , and she sang : Jam in the morning , jam at noon , Bread and jam By the light of the moon . Jam . . . is . . . very . . . nice . When Frances got home , Mother said , " I have a snack all ready for you . " " I do like snacks ! " said Frances .
" Here it is , " said Mother . " A glass of milk and some nice bread and jam for you . " " Are n't you worried that maybe I will get sick and all my teeth will fall out from eating so much bread and jam ? " asked Frances . " I do n't think that will happen for quite a while , " said Mother . " So eat it all up and enjoy it . "
Frances ate up most of her bread and jam . But she did not eat all of it . After her snack she went outside to skip rope .
Frances skipped a little more slowly than she had skipped at noon , and she sang : Jam for snacks and jam for meals , I know how a jam jar feels - FULL . . . OF . . . JAM ! That evening for dinnner Mother cooked spaghetti and meatballs .
" I am glad to see there is enough for seconds , " Father said . " Because spaghetti and meatballs is one of my favorite dishes . " " Try a little spaghetti , Gloria , " said Mother .
Frances looked down at her plate . There was no spaghetti and meatballs on it . There was a slice of bread and a jar of jam . Frances began to cry .
" My goodness ! " said Mother . " Frances is crying ! " " What is the matter ? " asked Father . Frances sang a little sad song : What I am Is tired of jam . " I want spaghetti and meatballs , " said Frances . " May I have some , please ? "
" I had no idea you liked spaghetti and meatballs ! " said Mother . So Mother gave Frances spaghetti and meatballs , and she ate it all up .
The next day when the bell rang for lunch , Albert said , " What do you have today ? " " Well , " said Frances , setting a tiny vase of violets on her desk , " let me see . "
" I have tomato soup , " Frances said . " And a lobster - salad sandwich . I have celery , carrot sticks , and black olives . And plums , and cherries , and vanilla pudding . " " That 's a good lunch , " said Albert . " I think it 's nice that there are all different kinds of lunches and breakfasts and dinners and snacks . " " So do I , " said Frances , and she made everything come out even . The End

Brown Bear , Brown Bear , what do you see ?
Red Bird , Red Bird , What do you see ?
Yellow Duck , Yellow Duck , What do you see ?
Blue Horse , Blue Horse , what do you see ?
Green Frog , Green Frog , What do you see ?
Purple Cat . Purple Cat what do you see ?
White Dog , White Dog , what do you see ?
Black Sheep , Black Sheep , what do you see ?
Goldfish , Goldfish , What do you see ?
Mother , Mother , what do you see ?
Children , Children , what do you see ?

Outta my way , trees ! DRY UP , LAKE !
You 're not so hot , SUN ! You better run , birds !
" No , please , no ! We were about to make cupcakes@ "
CUPCAKES ?
" What kind of monster do you think I am ? said Buddy . " Cupcakes first . Bunnies for dessert . " They played hide - and - seek while the cupcakes baked in the oven . TEE HEE ! One , two , three ...
DING ! " Be careful , Buddy . The pan is very hot . "
Each bunny has one cupcake . Buddy had five . There were four cupcakes left . Buddy ate them .
" Ugh , I 'm so full . Would you bunnies mind if I ate you tomorrow ? " " Nice meeting you , Buddy ! " said the bunnies .
Buddy came back the next day . " Hey , guys ! Hop in my mouth so I can eat you ! "
It 's too hot to be eaten , " said the bunnies . " Can we go swimming instead ? "
" Hmmm ... I do n't know ... " said Buddy .
" Please ! Please ! Please ! "
" How about I eat you , then I go swimming . "
" Oh , no ! You must n't go swimming right after you eat ! You 'll get a cramp ! "
" This is way more fun than a cramp ! said Buddy . " If you bunnies are half as delicious as you are nice , I am in for a treat . " Buddy and the bunnies laughed and splashed all afternoon .
Swimming under the hot sun tuckered everyone out . Buddy and the bunnies took a nap in the tall , cool grass . When Buddy woke up , he thought , I really should eat them , but I hate to wake them . They look so cute when they 're napping . Buddy patted the bunnies ' heads and whispered , " I promise to eat you tomorrow . " Then he tiptoed away .
Rahhhhh ! oh ! What the ... ? The next say Buddy could n't believe his eyes . All the bunnies wore stripes just like his .
" Suprise ! " yelled the bunnies . " We started a Stripey - Stripe Club in your honor . "
" That 's so nice ! " said Buddy , wiping away a tear . " Now climb in my mouth so I can eat you ! "
" Oh , no ! First the club will have to vote on that ! " There was one vote for eating the bunnies . There were seven votes for going to the carnival . Seven ?
They played all the games and rode all the rides . The bunnies liked the spinny , whippy rides the best . Not Buddy . " Bad news , bunnies . I do n't feel so good . I do n't think I 'll be able to eat you today .... "
" We know , Buddy . See you tomorrow ! "
The next day , Buddy said , " Okay , no more fooling around . Today I 'm going to eat you bunnies first thing . "
" OH NO ! " said the bunnies . " Did n't you like baking cupcakes with us ? "
" Yeah , sure , that was fun , " said Buddy .
" And did n't you like going swimming with us ? "
" Yeah , that was a blast . "
" Did n't you like going to the carnival with us ? "
" Sure , until I got dizzy . "
Well , then you ca n't eat us . "
" Why not ? "
Did n't your mom ever tell you ? "
" Tell me what ? "
" Do n't play with your food ! "
* Sniff ! *
" You bunnies tricked me ! said Buddy .
" Oh , no ! " said the bunnies . " We would n't do that . We like you , Buddy . "
" Now I feel terrible , " said Buddy . " After I eat you bunnies , I 'll be all alone ! No Stripey - Stripe Club . No swimming . No hide - and - seek ... Hey , were n't there seven of you yesterday ? "
" Wait a second ... my food never makes me sad ! Maybe you are not my food at all ! Maybe you are my ...
friends !
" And I 'm pretty sure you 're not supposed to eat your friends ! "

9 A.M.
Behind the wheel ,
riding in
my Bug Mobile .
Coffee , cruller ,
cruise control .
I 'm Captain Bob ,
Bug Patrol .
10:08 . First alarm .
" Code eleven :
Donut swarm ! "
" Urban ants ,
acting rude .
Pushing , shoving
for some food ! "
WEE - O ! WEE - O ! WEE - O !
WOO !
Bug Mobile coming through !
" Rowdy ants ,
form a line .
Show your manners
when you dine !
Take a crumb ,
do a deed .
Share it with
an ant in need . "
11:30 . Second call :
" Beetles bumping
at the mall . "
" Drivers in a
parking race .
Fender - bender
over space ! "
WEE - O !
WEE - O !
WEE - O !
WOO !
Bug Mobile coming through !
Write an
accident report .
Hand out tickets .
Tempers short .
" Naughty beetles ,
give a hug .
Be patient with
your fellow bug ! "
12:33 .
" Speeding spiders !
Dodging traffic
on low riders . "
" Burning rubber ,
making noise .
Racing fancy
urban toys . "
WEE - O ! WEE - O !
WEE - O ! WEE - O !
Bug Mobile coming through !
Corner spiders
in an alley .
End of motorcycle
rally .
Perpetrators
lectured , fined .
No more speeding .
Peace of mind .
1:35 .
Time to eat .
Grab a wrap .
Walk my beat .
Wave hello .
Shoot the breeze .
Catch up with
the local bees .
3:15 .
" Sidewalk swell .
Picket line
at Roach Hotel . "
" Families want a safer home .
Where they 're free to eat and roam ! "
WEE - O ! WEE - O ! WEE - O ! WOO !
Bug Mobile coming through !
Take those roaches
for a ride ,
to a place
more dignified .
Where food is
free and homes
are nice .
" Behold-
the Landfill Paradise ! "
4:53 . " Emergency !
Report of mother
missing flea . "
" Doggie shook
a bit too hard .
Little flea
lost in yard ! "
WEE - O ! WEE - O ! WEE - O ! WOO !
Bug Mobile coming through !
Use my
magnifying glass .
Find that flea
in the grass .
Cradle him
in my palm .
Keep him safe .
Call his mom .
Doggie , Mom ,
and her flea .
Reunited .
Happily .
7:48 .
" Investigate :
Party crickets
up too late . "
" They just want to
chirp and leap .
Neighbors want
a good night 's sleep ! "
WEE - O !
WEE - O !
WEE - O !
WOO !
Bug Mobile
coming through !
Megaphone
turned up high .
Play my cricket
lullaby .
Take it slow ,
drive through town .
Party crickets
settle down .
8:00 . Time to run .
Bug Patrolling
work is done .
Hurry home
to my nest .
And the bugs
that I love
BEST !

One day Bugs Bunny was strolling along the docks not far from his rabbit hole . There he had a beautiful view of boats coming and going on the ocean . Suddenly Bugs saw a sight even more beautiful - a big crate of carrots ! Bugs opened the crate and ate and ate until his teeth were tired . Then he crawled inside and fell asleep .
When he woke up , Bugs felt the ocean rocking beneath him and smelled the salty sea air . " Where am I ? " Bugs wondered . He looked out one porthole , then another , and realized that he was on a ship in the middle of the ocean . " I hope this ship 's going to Pismo Beach , " Buts thought . " I could use a vacation . "
Bugs Bunny went up to the main deck and saw Captain Yosemite Sam steering his pirate ship while studying a hand - written map . Bugs tapped Sam on the shoulder and asked , " What 's up doc ? " " What 're ya doin' here , ya long - eared landlubber ? ! " Sam shrieked . " Are ya tryin ' ta steal muh treasure ? " " What treasure ? " Bugs asked innocently .
Sam grabbed the map . " Look doc . I 'm not interested in treasure , " Bugs began . " Just drop me off at Pismo Beach . On the way , I 'll help with your ship . You look like you could use a crew . " Sam decided he might as well put Bugs Bunny to work .
" The first thing I want you to do is check the lifeboats , " Captain Sam said . " Make sure they have all the emergency supplies , " he added , handing Bugs a list . While Bugs checked off the supplies in one boat , Sam made small cuts in the ropes holding the boat to his ship . " So long , ya stinkin ' stowaway , " Sam thought , chuckling .
By the time Bugs reached the end of the list , the lifeboat was hanging by threads . " It 's all here , " Bugs reported . " Then haul'er up ! " Sam commanded , stepping back to avoid the expected splash . But to Sam 's surprise , the ropes did n't break .
" What the - I mean , hmm . I better check the boat myself , " Sam said , wondering why the ropes had held . As soon as Sam stepped into the lifeboat , the ropes broke . The boat fell into the ocean with a great splash . Bugs leaned over the side of the ship . " Hey , ya long - eared landlubber ! " Sam shrieked . " Throw me a rope ! " " Whatever you say , doc , " Bugs replied .
Back on his ship , Sam came up with a fiendish plan . " This 'll get that buck - toothed barnacle offa muh ship ! " Sam muttered gleefully . " It 's time to clean out the cannon , " Sam told Bugs . Sailor Bugs saluted . " Aye , aye , Cap'n . " " The only way to get it really clean is to crawl inside , " Sam instructed .
" Aye , aye , sir , " Bugs Bunny said , scrambling inside the cannon with brushes and rags . He sang while he scrubbed the insides of the dark cannon . Sam tiptoed to the cannon , struck a match , and thought , " Good - bye , ya carrot - chompin critter ! " He lit the fuse and plugged his ears .
Sam waited , but nothing happened . Then Bugs scrambled out of the cannon . " It 's all clean , doc , " Crewman Bunny reported . " What in tarnation ? " Sam exclaimed . " I mean- hmm , something 's wrong . I better check the cannon myself , " he said with a frown .
" The dang - blasted thing 's supposed to fire , " Sam muttered from inside the cannon . " Maybe you need to release the safety catch , " Bugs said , flipping the catch . " Wait ! " Sam yelled , but it was too late .
BOOM ! Sam flew way up into the sky , where an angry sea gull squawked in his ear . " Land ho ! " Yosemite Sam yelled as he zoomed over the waves and landed on the sandy shore of Pirate Island .
By the time Bugs lowered a lifeboat and rowed to the island , Sam was already searching for the treasure . " Two paces to the left , " he muttered , studying his map . " What 's up doc ? " Bugs asked , leaning over Sam 's shoulder . " Take one more look at muh map and I 'll fix you into fricasee ! " Sam blustered .
" Do n't mind me . I 'm just lookin ' for coconuts , " Buts said , strolling away . To himself he muttered , " Whadda moroon ! He 's holding that map upside down . The treasure is n't buried in the valley - it 's in a cave near the top of that volcano . "
Bugs climbed the smoking volcano . NEar the top he found a cave filled with treasure chests gleaming with pirate gold . " There 's enough treasure here to make a gold carrot the size of Mt. Rushmore , " Bugs said with a whistle . But before he could grab any of the gold , Bugs heard a loud rumble .
Bugs raced for shore as fast as he could . " The volcano 's going to blow ! " he warned Sam . Sam shook the map at Bugs . " You ca n't fool me , ya flea - bitten treasure - napper ! The gold 's in the cave , and I'mma gon na get it ! " Sam hollered as he ran up the rumbling volcano .
Sam reached the cave just as the volcano erupted . " Not again ! " yelled Sam as he felt himself being lifted high above the shaking cave . The explosion sent Sam and the treasure flying through the air . He landed with a thud on the deck of his ship atop a mountain of gold . Sam grabbed two handfuls of gold coins and threw them over his head in a glittering shower . " I won , ya mangy critter ! " he yelled to Bugs , who was rowing the lifeboat from the shore to the ship .
Bugs just shrugged his shoulders . Sam wondered what was going on . Wherever he looked the ocean was rising . Then Sam realized his ship was going down ! The treasure chests had made holes in his ship ! " Save me ! Save the treasure ! " Yosemite Sam cried .
" Sure thing , " Bugs said when he 'd reached the sinking ship . The crate of carrots floated by . He hauled it into the lifeboat . " Are you out of your carrot - pickin ' mind ? " Sam screamed .
In a few minutes , all the pirate gold was beneath the blue sea , and Sam and Bugs were safe in the lifeboat . Bugs was relaxing . He slowly munched on a carrot while Sam rowed , brooding over his sunken treasure . " Ah hates rabbits , " Sam grumbled . " Relax , doc , " Bugs said . " It 's only two hundred more miles to Pismo Beach . "

Bugs ! Bugs ! Bugs !
I want to see bugs !
Butterflies that
flutter in the sky
spotted ladybugs
that go creeping by
Friendly daddy longlegs
that never bite
Grasshoppers hop .
hop , hopping out of sight
A fuzzy caterpillar
with tiny feet
Bees buzzing by flowers that smell so sweet
A long line of ants
that work so much
Roly - poly bugs
that curl up when I touch
Bugs ! Bugs ! Bugs !
I can see buggy bugs all around me !
Actual Size Bugs
Bee
Grasshopper
Ladybug
Ant
Roley - poly bug
caterpiller
butterfly
Daddy Longlegs
Bug - O - Meter Butterfly Ladybug Daddy Longlegs Grasshopper Caterpillar Bee Ant Roly - poly bug
Can it Fly ? yes yes no yes no yes yes no no
Where Does it Live ? near flowers on plants in shady spots in tall grass on twigs and leaves near flowers ant hill under rocks
How Many Legs ? 6 6 8 6 6 - 16 6 6 14 +
Does it Sting ? No no no no no yes ! Yes , sometimes no

LADYBUG
Most ladybugs are red with black spots . spots
Ladybugs have wings and can fly . GUESS WHAT ? Ladybugs are also known as lady beetles or ladybird beetles .
Can you point to the ladybug 's wings ?
BUTTERFLY
Monarch butterflies have beautiful orange - and - black wings . wings
Monarch butterflies sip nectar , a sweet juice in flowers .
How many butterflies do you see ? GUESS WHAT ? Monarch butterflies hide under leaves to stay dry when it rains .
BUMBLEBEE
Bumblebees are round and fuzzy . They have black and yellow stripes . stripes
Bumblebees fly from flower to flower to find nectar . GUESS WHAT ? A different kind of bee , called a honeybee makes honey .
But watch out!They can sting .
PRAYING MANTIS front legs
A praying mantis folds it two long front legs . This makes is look like it is praying .
Gardeners like praying mantises .
Praying mantises eat other bugs that hurt plants . GUESS WHAT ? Praying mantises can see really well . This helps them catch other bugs .
FIREFLY
Fireflies have a special body part that makes them light up . light
You can see fireflies in the evening when the sun goes down .
Can you catch a firefly ? GUESS WHAT ? Fireflies are also called lightning bugs .
Look at all the different bugs ! Can you name them all ? ladybug bumblebee praying mantis firefly butterfly

Get moving , crew . We 're heading downtown . An old building there needs to come down . Time to get rolling . Duke just got a call . Load up the bulldozer and big wrecking ball .
Here 's the building , all crumbled and cracked . We 'll knock it down quickly with a couple of whacks .
The crane is in place . The angle 's correct . Get the ball swinging now . Wreck , dogs , wreck !
With a BOOM the ball sails right through the wall . Stand clear now- the building is starting to fall .
The bulldozer clears away piles of rubble , and bricks and concrete without any trouble .
The dump truck hauls off load after load . Fill it to the top , then head down the road .
Quick work , dogs . The site is all clear . Now set up the barricades and unpack the gear .
Grab a fast snack from the dog in the van while Duke the foreman double - checks the plan .
Start digging trenches to run all the pipes for water and drains , many sizes and types .
Head down in the tunnel to secure the connection . And be sure it runs in the proper direction !
Grab shovels and rakes- there 's concrete to pour . This building is going to need a good floor .
Yard after yard is poured into place . Ten inches thick is a mighty strong base .
Here comes the steel ! Unload it right here . Ton after ton builds tier after tier .
These giant red girders look exactly the same . Let 's weld them together and build a tall frame .
The iron team is working- a high - flying breed- welding and riveting with great skill and speed .
Look out , dogs ! Watch out for that glass ! Oh no , too late . The truck 's gon na crash !
Balls bouncing up . Balls bouncing down . Balls , balls , balls flying all over town !
Let 's take a quick break and a well - deserved stretch . While we gather the balls , we can fetch , dogs , fetch !
The excitement is over , and we 've all had fun . But there are still miles of pipes and wires to run .
Electricians , plumbers , and carpenters too- each one of them has his own job to do .
This building is bare , with strong steel for bones . We 'll need mortar and bricks , concrete and stones .
The beams go up fast , building room upon room . As the pumper pumps liquid cement through its boom .
This crew is the best , each dog highly skilled . Let 's keep going higher . Build , dogs , build !
The windows are lifted and swung through the air , then fastened and fitted and set with great care .
The finish work starts . There 's more to install . Windows and stairs , ceilings and walls .
Lights and fixtures and doors to pass through , kitchens and bedrooms and a bathtub or two .
In comes the paint team to color the walls . Red for the doors and blue for the halls .
The building is finished . It turned out quite swell . The last thing to do is install the doorbell .
The penthouse is perfect , complete with a view . There 's even a terrace with a pool for the crew .
Great job , dogs ! Our work is all through . Tomorrow we 're off . There 's a new job to do .

Here We Go ' Round the Construction Site
Here we go ' round the construction site , construction site , construction site . Here we go ' round the construction site on a sunny Monday morning . This is the way we make the plans , tote the tools , prep the site . This is the way we make the plans on a sunny Monday morning .
Hey ! Diddle , Diddle
Hey ! Diddle , diddle , this hard hat is little but needed on every job site . If a wrench gets dropped , or a 2 by 4 falls - you 'll see why it 's worn day and night .
Simple Survey
Simple survey , measure that way , measure this way too . This simple survey , done today , will show us what to do . Measure this way for the survey - get set up ... we 're ready ! The transit level lines things up , the tripod holds it steady .
One , Two , Here Comes the Crew
One , two , here comes the crew ! Three , four , here come more .. Five , six , pick up bricks . Seven , eight , lay them straight . Nine , ten , hardworking friends !
Bump ! Bump ! Wheelbarrow
Bump ! Bump ! Wheelbarrow , have you any nails ? Yes sir , yes sir , three full pails ! One for the roofing , one for the walls , and one for the flooring that goes down the halls .
Do you know the Bulldozer ?
Do you know the bulldozer , the bulldozer , the bulldozer ? Do you know the bulldozer - the first one at the site ? Do you know it clears the land , clears the land , clears the land ? The bulldozer will clear the land - then digging can begin !
The Itsy - Bitsy Skid Steer
The itsy - bitsy skid steer drove up the steep dirt hill , stockpiled rock with nimbleness and skill . Up came the loader to haul it all away , and the itsy - bitsy skid steer kept working hard all day .
Rat - a - tat
Rat - a - tat ! Rat - a - tat ! Here 's the plan - drill me a hole as fast as you can ! One more , another , until we are done , and then we 'll put anchors in every last one .
Big Excavator
Big Excavator on the job site , dig the hole deep and dig the hole right ! Swing the boom here and then over there . Make the sides straight and make the hole square .
Roll , Roll , Roll the Road
Roll , roll , roll the road , smoothly pack it down . ' Round and around and around and around we roll right in to town .
Jack and Jill
Jack and Jill went up the hill and took their lunches too . It 's time to eat and rest their feet . Now back to work with the crew !
Three Dump Trucks
Three dump trucks , three dump trucks ! See how they work , see how they work ! They wait in line to pick up their load of dirt or big rocks , then they head down the road and stop at the spot where they go to unload . Three dump trucks .
I 'm a Heavy Grader
I 'm a heavy grader , strong and stout . Here is my blade to spread the soil out . When I get it level , I am done . And I 'm so happy - I moved a ton !
This Little Forklift
This little forklift carried rebar . This little forklift hauled pipe . This little forklift carried I - beams . This little forklift brought bricks . And this little forklift went zip , zip , zip all the day long .
Heave Ho ! Let 's Go !
This old crane , it swings wide ! It takes pallets for a ride . With a heave ho , let 's go , swing it back for more . Hoist it high and watch it soar !
Crumbling Bridge Is Falling Down
Crumbling bridge is falling down , falling down , falling down . Crumbling bridge is falling down . Time to fix it ! Shore it up with posts and beams ! Concrete too . Make it strong ! Crumbling bridge is falling down . Time to fix it !
Sing a Song of Garbage
Sing a song of garbage , a bucketful of trash . Four and twenty loads of it - ready to be mashed ! If you can recycle , it 's best to plan ahead . Sort out the things you can reuse and salvage them instead .
Twinkle , Twinkle , Wrecking Ball
Twinkle , twinkle , wrecking ball , in the moonlight , o'er the wall . Back and fourth you 'll swing and smash , making noises - Wham ! Bang ! Crash ! Twinkle , twinkle wrecking ball , in the morning - look out wall !

Jessica was a worrier . She worried night and day .
She worried about her socks not matching and having knobby knees
and losing her barrettes and not doing well in school .
But in Mr. Martin 's first - grade class , Jessica had a big worry : Brenda Bailey . Brenda was perfect . Her bangs were even . Her homework was always right .
She wore a new outfit every day , and she scowled when Jessica did something better than she did .
If Jessica got all her homework right , Brenda would say , " I bet you cheated . " So Jessica hid her homework . If Jessica wore a new skirt to school , Brenda would say , " Your legs look like toothpicks . " So Jessica started wearing pants .
If Jessica scored at kickball , Brenda would say , " You were just lucky . " So Jessica stopped playing kickball .
Brenda never asked Jessica to sit with her at lunch . Instead Brenda sat with all her friends and Jessica sat alone .
Jessica got tired of sitting by herself , so one day she tired sitting at Brenda 's table . " Look who 's here . Toothpick ! " Jessica 's eyes started to sting . She blinked to keep from crying . She left the cafeteria without her lunch .
After school Jessica went to her room . She started at the wall . She worried . What terrible thing would Brenda say next ? Jessica thought about Mr. Martin . He had told the class that sometimes bullies stop bullying if you just ignore them . But how could Jessica ignore a bully who was always in her face ?
At dinner Dad asked , " How was school ? " Jessica started at her food . " What 's wrong ? " asked Mom . " Nothing , " said Jessica .
That night Jessica could n't fall asleep . She squeezed her eyes shut and tired to count sheep , but instead she saw perfect little Brendas leaping over the fence . The next morning her eyes filt as dry as sand and her stomach hurt .
" Can I stay home today ? " she asked Mom . Her mother felt her forehead . " You do n't feel hot , " " I have a stomachache , " said Jessica . " I guess you are sick , " said Mom . " Go back to bed . " IMmediately Jessica 's stomach felt better .
But she knew she could n't avoid Brenda forever . so the following day Jessica went to school .
All morning Jessica ignored Brenda . But at lunchtime she discovered that Mom had packed her sandwich in Tom 's lunch box .
She tired to shove it behind her back before Brenda could see . But she was n't quick enough . " Toothpick has a boy 's lunch box , " Brenda said to everyone . Jessica 's cheeks felt like chili peppers . How could Mom have made such a mistake ?
" Come sit over here , " called Anita . Jessica quickly sat down next to Anita and her friends . " That Brenda 's such a bully ! " said Anita . " You should stand up to her . " But Jessica could n't .
When she got home , Jessica told her mother , " You packed my lunch in Tom 's lunch box . It 's a boys lunch box . " " I was in a hurry , " said Mom . " I 'm sorry . "She paused . " What difference does it make ? You lunch is your lunch , no matter what it 's packed in . "
" It makes a BIG difference , " said Jessica , and she burst into tears .
" This ca n't be just about lunch boxes , " said Mom . " It 's about Brenda , " said Jessica hiccuping between sobs . " She picked on me . She calls me Toothpick . Today she teased me about Tom 's lunch box . " " That 's terrible , " said Mom . " Have you told her how you feel ? " " No , " cried Jessica . " Then she 'd really make fun of me . " " Why do n't you talk to Mr. Martin ? " suggested Mom . " If he knew that Brenda was bullying you , he 'd do something about it . "
That night Jessica tossed and turned . Should she talk to Mr. Martin ? Should she stand up to Brenda ? What could she say to her ? Your bangs are ugly ? Your knees are flat as pancakes ? You freckles look like pimples ?
The next morning Brenda came up behind Jessica in the hallway . " Toothpick ! " Brenda hissed . Jessica 's heart began to pound . She thought about what her mother had said . She turned around and blurted " I 'm going to tell Mr. Martin if you keep picking on me ! "
" Tattletale , " said Brenda , and she stuck out her tongue and ran into the classroom .
At lunch Jessica sat with Anita gain . Brenda was at the next table with all her friends . " Hey , Toothpick ! " called Brenda . " Did you bring your brother 's lunch box again ? No wonder you 're so skinny . You eat baby food . "
Jessica stood up . Enough was enough ! She put her hands on her hips . In a loud voice she said . " Toothpicks may be thing , but bullies never win ! "
Brenda blushed . Her freckles turned pink . For once , she did n't say anything . Jessica threw back her shoulders and marched out of the cafeteria .
At dinner Laura asked , " Did you stand up to that bully Brenda ? " " Why did n't she like my lunch box ? " asked Tom . " Ass the spaghetti , " said Dad . " How 'd things go ? " asked Mom . " I do n't think Brenda will pick on me anymore , " said Jessica . " But even if she does , I know what to do . " " Hooray for Jessica ! " said her family " Hooray for toothpicks ! " said Jessica .
And that night Jessica fell asleep without any more worries .

Boats are really wonderful for sailing us around . They travel through the water with a sloppy - slappy sound .
slip slop
slip slap
Lucy
It 's fun to go out boating , especially in the sun .   The water 's cool and sparkly , so come on , everyone !
Buzzy
Sea Breeze
A boat sits on the water like an empty bowl or cup .   It 's hollow and it 's full of air , and that 's what keeps it up .
An anchor holds you steady when you 're bobbing in a bay .   You wind a chain to raise it when you want to sail away .
Bella
Over lakes and seas and rivers , wind blows very strong .   Some boats have sails to catch it so it pushes them along .
To handle boats with masts and sails , you need a clever crew .   The captain is the one in charge , who tells them what to do .
A dinghy or a rowboat is useful near the shore .
aswish
swash
Dora
You make it travel backward by pulling on each oar .
A motorboat is powered by propeller from the back .   It whooshes through the water and leaves a foamy track .
Whoosh !
Captain Speedy
And just in case , by accident , you tumble from the boat , you have to wear a life jacket , made to help you float .
Red Arrow
Some boats are built for fishing where the ocean waves are steep .
Their nets are cast to catch the fish , then haul them from the deep .
Happy Halibut
A ship can carry cargo , which is loaded at the docks .
Heave ho !   Look out below !   Here comes a giant box .
Arctic Breeze
A ferry carries cars and trucks to where they need to go .
The people travel up above . The vehicles stay below .
Toot !
Toot !
Express Delivery
A mighty ocean liner has a big and busy crew .   It carries many passengers .   They 're waving now .   Yoo - hoo !
The ship has cozy cabins where the passengers can stay .   And out on deck they stroll around and watch the sea or play .
Ocean Wave
But when the journey 's over - Ahoy !   The lighthouse rock !
Ocean Wave
The ship glides into harbor and ties up at the dock .
Welcome Home !
Boat Parts
lighthouse this is a tall building on the coast with a flashlight light to guide ships and keep them away from rocks
anchor this is a very heavy piece of metal with hooks that dig into the ground under the water and stop the boat from drifting away
propeller this has blades that spin around very fast at the back of the boat and push against the water to move the boat forward
oars these are long poles with flat blades on the end that push against the water to move the boat forward
deck this is the floor of a boat
cabin this is the little room where you sleep on board a boat
cargo this is the name for the goods that a ship carries
name many boats are given names by their owners

Bee buzzed by every day .
Ant walked by every day .
Grasshopper hopped by every day .
Ladybug crawled by every day .
Fly flew by every day .
And every day , they asked , " What is on sale ? "

A hog and a frog do a dance in the bog . But not the hippopotamus .
A cat and two rats are trying on hats . But not the hippopotamus .
A moose and a goose together have juice . But not the hippopotamus .
A bear and a hare have been to a fair .
But not the hippopotamus .
Now the hog and the frog hurry out for a jog
with the cat and the rats in their new running hats . . .
. . . while the moose and the bear and the goose and the hare are doing their best
to keep up with the rest . But not the hippopotamus .
Then the animal pack comes scurrying back , saying , HEY ! COME JOIN THE LOT OF US !
And she just does n't know-- Should she stay ? Should she go ?
But YES the hippopotamus !
But not the armadillo .

Once there was a bee whist on a duck .
" QUACK , " said the duck . " There 's a bee on me . " And the duck said , " Scat , " but the bee just sat .
So the duck whacked again
and sat on a hen .
" CLUCK , " said the hen . " There 's a duck on me . " And the hen said , " Scat , ' but the duck just sat .
So the hen danced a jig
and sat on a pig .
" OINK . " said the pig . " There 's a hen on me . " And the pig said , " Scat , " but the hen just sat .
So the pig took a bow
and sat on   a cow .
" MOO , " said the cow . " There 's a pig on me . " And the cow said , " Scat , " but the pig just sat .
The cow began to weep
an sat on a sheep who was fast asleep .
So the cow said " MOO , "
and the pig said , " OINK , "
and the hen said , " CLUCK , "
And the duck said , " QUACK . "
Then the bee said , " BUZZ - Z - Z - Z ! "
And that 's al there was .

Piggie ! Let 's play catch !
Yes !
I love playing catch with friends !
I will throw .
I will catch !
Excuse me !
Can I play too ?
You do not want to play with me ?
No ! We do want to play with you . But . . .
But . . .
We are playing catch .
With our arms .
So ?
You do not have arms .
I do not have arms ! ? !
Aaaaaaagh ! ! !
Hee - hee ! Ha - ha ! Hee - hee ! Ha - ha ! Hee - hee !
I know I do not have arms !
I am a snake .
You are a funny snake !
But can a snake play catch ? I do not know .
But I can try .
COOL !
I will throw the ball ! Try to catch it !
Here comes the ball !
Sorry !
It is okay . Let 's try again .
Okay . I will try again .
Now I will try .
This is not working . We need a new idea . . . .
Yes !
Maybe we need more balls . More balls !
More balls ! ? !
Oh boy !
BONK ! BONK ! BONK !
Do we need even more balls ? Maybe . . .
WAIT !
We have tried .
But , I am a snake . . .
A snake who can not play catch .
NO !
You are our friend !
WE WILL ALL PLAY CATCH !
How ?
She has an idea .
Whee ! I love playing catch with my friends !

Can you see what I see ?   A whale 's tail , 3 birds in the air , a broken heart , long flowing hair , a lightning bolt , an anchor , 3 keys , a sun , a moon , 7 palm trees , a shell from the sea , a snake coiled up , a spyglass , and a golden cup !
Can you see what I see ?   A sea creature with 8 long arms , a gold bracelet with 5 gold charms , a unicorn , a feather , a frog , a cat with spots , a dragon , a dog , a scary skull face , a golden door , a diamond saber , and much , much more !
Can you see what I see ?   3 butterflies , a dragonfly , too , a pig , 4 turtles , 2 hearts of blue , a peacock , a carriage , scissors , a spoon , a bee in a box , a sun near a moon , 2 gold sea horses , a lizard , 5 fish , an old cannonball , and a broken dish !
Can you see what I see ?   A horse , 3 camels , a lion , a lamb , an owl , a snake , a rooster , a ram , a swan that 's silver , a key that 's brass , a pocket watch , and an hourglass , a cannon , a shark , a curious eel , a spider crab , and a ship 's wheel !
Can you see what I see ? A heart of gold , a diamond ring , a sword for a knight , a crown for a king , an octopus , a pearl in a shell , a hammerhead shark , 4 turtles , a bell , an elephant teapot , a clothespin clip , the tattered sails of an old wrecked ship !
Can you see what I see ?   Antlers , an ant , a frog , 5 fish , an ice - cream soda , a lobster dish , a white shark tooth , a cat , 2 mice , a shield , 3 swords , a pen , 3 dice , a red pelican , a high - heeled shoe - Take 2 steps back for another view !
Can you see what I see ?   A penguin , a pail , a climbing man , 3 whales , a walrus , a watering can , an alligator , a silver spring , a mug , 2 monkeys , an eyeball ring , a bell , a bugle , and bottles galore - You 're not done yet ; there 's more to explore !
Can you see what I see ?   A fishing pole , a goose that 's green , 3 ship wheels , a submarine , a crab on a plate , a rubber band , a treasure chest that 's in the sand , a surfboard for a wild wave ride - The weather 's fine ; let 's go outside !
Can you see what I see ?   A ship propeller , a hammer , 2 saws , an arrow , 5 anchors , 4 lobster claws , an elephant 's trunk , a grandfather clock , a fish hook , a fly , 3 keys , a lock , a blue umbrella , a black - billed gull , a sword , a spyglass , and a pirate skull !
Can you see what I see ?   2 boats in water , 10 birds in flight , 3 ice - cream cones , a dragon kite , a red flip - flop , a crab , 2 maps , a soccer ball , 3 bottle caps , a pink flamingo , a blue thumbtack , and a parrot on a postcard rack .
Can you see what I see ?   A bright red beak , a whale 's tail , a white shark tooth , a long jet trail , 2 loose buttons , a blue airplane , a dragonfly , a weather vane , 3 wet seashells in a stack - It 's time to pull the towel back !
Can you see what I see ?   A frog , 5 starfish , a bendy straw , a fork , a feather , a lobster claw , a paper cup , a ballpoint pen , a washed - out tower , a pirate 's den , a distant window through an open door - What 's that treasure coin that 's washed ashore ?

Once there was a peddler who sold caps . But he was not like an ordinary peddler carrying his wares on his back . He carried them on top of his head . First he had on his own checked cap , then a bunch of gray caps , then a bunch of brown caps , then a bunch of blue caps , and on the very top a bunch of red caps .
He walked up and down the streets , holding himself very straight so as not to upset his caps . As he went along he called , " Caps ! Caps for sale ! Fifty cents a cap ! "
One morning he could n't sell any caps . He walked up the street and he walked down the street calling , " Caps ! Caps for sale . Fifty cents a cap . " But nobody wanted any caps that morning . Nobody wanted even a red cap . He began to feel very hungry , but he had no money for lunch . " I think I 'll go for a walk in the country , " said he . And he walked out of town -- slowly , slowly , so as not to upset his caps .
He walked for a long time until he came to a great big tree . " That 's a nice place for a rest , " thought he . And he sat down very slowly under the tree and leaned back little by little against the tree - trunk so as not to disturb the caps on his head . Then he put up his hand to feel if they were straight -- first his own checked cap , then the gray caps , then the brown caps , then the blue caps , then the red caps on the very top . They were all there . So he went to sleep .
He slept for a long time .
When he woke up he was refreshed and rested .
But before standing up he felt with his hand to make sure his caps were in the right place . All he felt was his own checked cap !
He looked to the right of him . No caps . He looked to the left of him . No caps . He looked in back of him . No caps . He looked behind the tree . No caps .
Then he looked up into the tree . And what do you think he saw ?
On every branch sat a monkey . On every monkey
was a gray , or a brown , or a blue , or a red cap !
The peddler looked at the monkeys . The monkeys looked at the peddler . He did n't know what to do . Finally he spoke to them .
" You monkeys , you , " he said , shaking a finger at them , " you give me back my caps . " But the monkeys only shook their fingers back at him and said , " Tsz , tsz , tsz . "
Now he felt quite angry . He stamped his foot , and he said , " You monkeys , you ! You better give me back my caps ! " But the monkeys only stamped their feet back at him and said , " Tsz , tsz , tsz . "
By this time the peddler was really very , very , angry . He stamped both his feet and shouted , " You monkeys , you ! You must give me back my caps ! " But the monkeys only stamped both their feet back at him and said , " Tsz , tsz , tsz . "
At last he became so angry that he pulled off his own cap , threw it on the ground , and began to walk away .
and all the gray caps , and all the brown caps , and all the blue caps , and all the red caps came flying down out of the tree .
So the peddler picked up his caps and put them back on his head-- first his own checked cap , then the gray caps , then the brown caps , then the blue caps , then the red caps on the very top .
And slowly , slowly , he walked back to town calling , " Caps ! Caps for sale ! Fifty cents a cap ! "
The End

fuel oil truck
garbage truck
garbage pails
auto - plane
FUEL
Have a nice trip ! garage
MISTRESS MOUSE REPAIRS tow truck
mail van MAIL mailbox
Ma and Pa and Pickles and Penny Pig are going on a picnic . Here comes Ma with the picnic basket . Please hurry up , Ma .
The Pigs are going to the beach to have their picnic . But first , Pa has some shopping to do . He is going to order some things to be delivered to their home . I wonder what those things could be ?
SADIE 'S SODA FOUNTAIN ALL FLAVORS
TOYS
SODY - POP soft - drink truck
station wagon
SAM 'S SHOE SHOP shoe delivery car
old - time roadster
meter maid
TAXI STAND
shopping cart
taxi
drugstore delivery car
ABC GLASS COMPANY glass - window truck
bookstore delivery van
old - time buggy
motorbikes
baby buggy
STOP
Officer Flossy and her bicycle
a frightened parking meter
a terrible driver
Did you see that ? Dingo Dog has knocked down almost all the parking meters . What a terrible driver ! I think Officer Flossy is going to give him a ticket . At least , she is going to try . We 'll see if she succeeds .
STOP
hay wagon HAY
sailboat
delivery truck
statue
MICHAEL ANGELO SCULPTOR
SOAPY SUDS WINDOW CLEANER
window washer
pickle truck PETE 'S PICKELS
old - time roadster
MILK milk van
dragster
alligator car
Dingo drives off before Officer Flossy can give him a ticket . Oh , that Dingo is so naughty ! Go get him , Officer Flossy . Pa Pig drives past a truck carrying a statue . " Did you see who is in the back with the statue ? " Penny asks Pickles . " Yes , " said Pickles . " It 's Goldbug . He shows up just about everywhere . "
caboose
trailer
steam locomotive
MOLASSES tank truck
tilt - cab truck
Where is Goldbug now ? Is he riding in the locomotive ? Is he riding in the old - time buggy ? Can you find him ?
go - cart
old - time buggy
tractor
three - wheel beet truck
canvas - cab truck
dumper
unicycle
sports car
The Pig family drives by a broken - down truck . " It wo n't be broken down for long , " says Pa. " I saw Mistress Mouse working on it . She can fix almost anything . "
MISTRESS MOUSE REPAIRS
worker 's rest rooms
log loader
log skidder
crane
flat - bed trailer
The Pigs drive past a lumber camp . The lumberjacks are busy gathering logs from the trees they have cut down . The log - loader truck will take the logs to the sawmill . There they will be cut into boards of all sizes , so houses and toys and all kinds of wooden things can be made from them .
forklift truck
log - loader truck
" Oh , Bunny Rabbit , look out , " calls Penny Pig . " Do n't get caught by that crane ! " Step on the gas , Bunny Rabbit !
Faster , Flossy , faster ! Go get Dingo ! But where is that rascal ? Can you see him ?
JAKE THE PLUMBER
double cab pick - up
pumpkin car
mouse van
tractor
mobile crane
Home drove his tractor into the pond . that was n't very smart , Homer .
RAINBOW BUS LINES
bus
woody station wagon
Look ! There is Mistress Mouse again . And this time she is towing a TOW TRUCK ! Hi there , Goldbug ... wherever you are !
pig van
a wrecked car being towed by a BIG TOW TRUCK which is being towed by a little tow truck
MISTRESS MOUSE REPAIRS
tourist bus
The baggage compartment on the bust has come open . Someone 's things are flying out ! Duck , Pa ! Duck , Ma ! Oh dear , Ma did n't duck soon enough .
old - time fire engine
dragster
school mini - bus
MOTHER GOOSE NURSERY SCHOOL
cheese truck
grain tank truck
ambulance
broom - o - cycle
sports car
My , there is a lot of traffic on the road today . Firefighters are going to a fire . Children are going to school . A witch is going for a broom ride . Go , everyone , go !
canvas - top car
chopper bike
Just look at all these machines ! Some dig ditches . Some lay water pipes .
big ditch - digger
excavator
tiny ditch - digger
STOP
5 - seater pencil car
auto transporter
street washer
pipelayer
tractor pipelayer
When the workers have finished , water will flow thought these pipes into people 's homes .
bulldozer
waterpipe carrier
road sweeper
Goldbug car
Right now , water is flowing into the Pig family 's car . I think someone had better fix that nozzle , do n't you ?
coal dump truck COAL
rock dump truck
My word ! What is happening here ? Mrs. Rabbit calls to Mr. Rabbit to tell him where she wants him to dump the wheelbarrow . But Mr. Rabbit ca n't hear her . So Mrs. Rabbit shouts as loud as she can , so loud that all the truck drivers think she is shouting at them .
Goldbug dump truck
orange dump truck
wheelbarrow
toy dump truck
cement dump truck
tomato dump truck
sand side - dump truck
" DUMP IT THERE ! " she shouts ... and all the drivers dump their loads right THERE !
double - decker bus
fuel oil tank truck FUEL OIL
refrigerator van ICE CREAM
Land - Rover
ICE CREAM
old - time coupe
another 5 - seater pencil car
trailer truck
old - time double - decker bus BOOKS ARE FUN TO READ READ ONE TODAY
2 - seater crayon car
TV repair car TV REPAIR
light bulb pick - up truck
Well , the orange - truck driver has given Penny and Pickles an orange . " I 'm glad it was n't the goal truck that dumped on us , " says Pickles
hitchhiker
jeep
" Look there ! " says Penny . "I wonder if anyone would have enough room to pick up that hitchhiker . " I think he had better start walking , do n't you ?
HARDWARE SALE on NAILS
awining
YOUR FRIENDLY CAR DEALER
new car
sidewalk
cement mixer
MISTRESS MOUSE REPAIRS
Now what ? Charlie the carpenter has just bough a bag of nails . There was a hole in the back . Now there are holes in almost all the tires !
CROSS WALK
hammer car
USED CARS used car
SCHOOL BUS school bus
hard hat
flat tire
antique buggy
Where 's Dingo ? HOw did he manage to get by without a flat tire?I see Officer Flossy is riding on the sidewalk . Keep after him , Flossy ! Hi , Goldbug ... wherever you are .
cherry picker
STOP
trolley bus
LIBRARY
bug bus
SIGHTSEEING TOURS sightseeing bus
motor scooter
yellow
violet
orange
brown
PAUL THE PAINTER
red
blue
green
pink
a painter 's pick - up truck
sewer cleaner
mobile crane
ditch - digger
SQUEEZE LEFT ROAD CONSTRUCTION AHEAD
ant bus
hot dog car
rumble - seat roadster
coupe with open back hatch
coupe with open sunroof
Pa is all worn out from changing the tire . He is taking a nap in the backseat while Ma drives . All right , everyone ! Slow down ! There is road construction ahead .
dump truck
Goldbugdozer
wheel loader
dumped - over dump truck
motor grader
SPEED LIMIT 15 MPH
The heavy roadwork machines scrape and push the dirt and rocks about , to make a smooth roadbed for a new road .
four antique sports cars Count them !
tractor scraper
dump truck
bulldozer
Pa wakes up from his nap . He says to Penny , " I think the next car we buy will be a bananamobile . " " Oh , goody , " says Penny . Would you like to have bananamobile ?
bananamobile
dumper trailer
off - highway tractor
Mistress Mouse pumping up a flat tire
tractor loader
Why do n't you watch what you 're doing ?
auto - digger
MISTRESS MOUSE REPAIRS
Here are more workers and more roadwork machines . Some workers are not watching what their machines are doing !
dump truck
wheeled bulldozer
crawler tractor ripping the ground
hippoloader
mouse ditch - digger
pickle car
Doctor Dentist 's car DOCTOR DENTIST
old - time car
Goldbug says to himself , " I must remember to make an appointment with my dentist . " Where
power shovel
rock crusher
motor grader
tamper - downer
limousine
mini - limousine
teen - tiny limousine
sports car
asphalt mier
sand pile
gravel dump truck
dumper
crane
oil barrels
bucket loader
The roadbed is almost ready to be surfaced . The rock crusher crushes big rocks into small stones . Oil and sand are mixed together in the asphalt mixer and out comes asphalt - hot steaming asphalt .
taxi TAXI
" I think I would rather have a carrotcar , " says Pickles .
carrotcar
David Dog 's car
gravel truck
asphalt oil spreader
stone spreader
custom buggy
Lookout ! Rollo Rabbit 's steamroller has run away . Crunch ! CRUNCH ! CRUNCH It has squashed three cars flat . Look out , Flossy ! Look out , Mousei ! Look out , Ma ! Do n't get squashed , too !
STOP
a runaway steamroller
guard rail
a sleepy bear dozer
asphalt dumper
roller
asphalt road
asphalt finisher
a dumped steamroller driver
Why do n't you look where you 're going ?
three squashed cars Count them !
OUCH !
Well , well . If it is n't our old friend Dingo . I think someone is after you , Dingo !
taxi
cheese car
highway stripers
roller
The workers are finishing the new road . The last thing they have to do is paint the dividing lines
KEEP LEFT
camper
FRESH EGG egg truck
AIRPORT LIMOUSINE airport limousine
motorcycle
motorscooter
2 - seater bicycle
Maniacbug
Say ! Who is that making a mess of the line ? That 's not Goldbug , is it ? No , it ca n't be Goldbug . He would never do a thing like that . That fellow must be Maniacbug .
sports roadster
bookshelf maker 's car
Keep left , everyone . Drive slowly onto the new road .
farm tractor
a tired traveler
hay - and - pig wagon ( Make a wish ! )
mini - bus
antique car
STOP
GAS
toothbrush car
gasoline tank truck
gas pump
hose
car washer
a woodchuck in a hurry
REST ROOMS
CAR WASH
mini - jeep
old - time buggy
toothpaste car
EXIT
attendant
oil cans
Ma Pig sees that they are running low on gas , so she drives into the gas station to fill up the tank . I can find Goldbug , but I ca n't see the Pig family . Where do you suppose they have gone ?
auto lift
dirty station wagon
car greaser
hook - and - ladder truck
rescue truck
ALL RIGHT ! Who left the water running in that fire engine ?
water tower truck
fire alarm box
siren
hose
fire Chief 's car
CHIEF
The Pig family is all refreshed . The gas tank is full again , and Pa is back at the wheel .
nozzle
ambulance
Ladybug has a fire in her car and the fire fighters have come to put it out . Can you guess who called them ?
helmet
bell
pumper truck
fire hydrant
diesel locomotive
mail car
tank car
boxcar
forklift
All the wheels need to be oiled so they wo n't squeak . Squeaky Mouse says so .
antique car
Tom Turtle 's car
gardener 's truck
auto carrier car
double - decker car
steam locomotive
railroad station
CLOVER
THIS SIDE UP
station wagon
doughnut car
DOUGHNUTS
Railroad stations are busy places . There are always lots of people coming and going . Freight trains load and unload letters , food , packages , and all sorts of things . Some people like to go far away for their vacation . If they want to have their car to drive , they can take it along on the train 's auto carrier car . " I hope I remembered to put doughnuts in the picnic basket , " Ma says to herself . I wonder what made her think of that ?
STOP
racing cars
canvas - roof car
bigshot car JOE
pick - up truck
MR . GREEN THUMB GARDENER
" Look , " says Penny , " an auto race ! " " I 'm too hungry to look , " says Pickles . " Now just be patient , " says Ma . " It wo n't be long before we have our picnic . But first we must stop at Grandma Pig 's farm and buy some fresh corn . "
FINISH
VAROOM ! VAROOM ! VAROOM ! And the winner is ... MISTRESS MOUSE !
mouse - car transporter
COME TO THE CIRCUS NOW PLAYING
rhinoceros car
sunroof car
corn picker
hay gatherer
At Grandma Pig 's farm , all the farmhands are very busy . They are picking corn , gathering hay , and delivering milk . They are harvesting wheat to be made into bread . Grandpa is cutting the grass and Grandma is clanking around on her old steam tractor . My ! What a busy farm !
milk cans
corn car
Auntie Pastry and Cousin Willie are selling fresh corn . It looks so good , Pa just has to take a bite . " No , Pa , " says Ma . " Do n't eat it yet ! Wait until I cook it ! "
FRESH CORN
grain harvester
wheat
Grandma 's steam tractor
tractor
grass cutter
Wolfwagon
swimming tank
swimming jeep
desert jeep
landing craft
motorcycle and sidecar
tractor motorcycle
General Nuisance 's car
jeep
water jeep
half - track soldier carrier
bridge
Wo n't you please wake up , Mister soldier ?
tent
The Pigs have bought their corn and are on the way to the beach for their picnic . They are passing an army camp . Look at all the soldiers !
radio truck
chapel truck
canteen truck
old - time tank
ambulance
antique armored car
tank
army car
gun tractor
These soldiers are going home for the weekend to visit their families . Their car is just like an army car , but it is painted differently .
civilian car
Hey ! Watch it ! tail
a worker washing a jet plane
mouse monoplane
cherry picker
SWISSAIR
stewardess
wing
ladder
jet engine
food truck
jet - fuel truck
baggage train
spilled baggage
mouse pusher - plane
mouse triplane
Hey ! Watch it !
Hey , Pa ! What are you doing driving through the airport ? That   sign saying " Follow me " does not mean
mouse biplane
pilot
follow - me car
FOLLOW ME
nose
airmail truck
AIR MAIL
tractor
generator truck
a crash landing
MISTRESS MOUSE REPAIRS
mobile apartment house
sun - roof camper
mobile home
Kitty camper
roof - bed camper
grill with two burned hot dogs
" I do hope we get to the beach soon , " says Pa.
SCHOOL BUS
old - school - bus home
trailer home
swimming - pool truck
just - a - little - bit - too - small camper
The Hogs are spending their vacation at a trailer camp . " We do n't seem to be able to get through the gate , " Mama Hog says to Papa Hog . " I wonder if we should leave a few things at home next year ? "
HAPPY HOURS CAMP
HOG HEAVEN
PLEASE WIPE FEET
NO RIDERS
shark car
ICE CREAM
ice - cream truck
sand dune
mouse dune buggy
sand boat
Oh , Piggy , you made a mistake ! Your car wo n't run in the water . Only a propeller car can do that !
propeller car
surrey car
BATH HOUSE
shower
refreshment stand
dune buggies
Roll bars protect the driver in case the buggy rolls over .
" AT LAST ! " says Ma . " We are at the beach and we are going to have a nice quiet picnic . Pa , maybe you should put a shirt on . I think you are getting sunburned . " " Oh , I'll be all right , " says Pa.
go - anywhere buggy
pedal boat
submarine
forklift
The picnic is over , and Pa is not all right . He is all RED ! WOW ! What a sunburn ! Pa is also all stuffed , with food . A nap is just what he needs , so Ma drives for a while . Close your mouth when you sleep , Pa !
dock
propeller
tugboat
FERRY
air - cushion ferry ( hovercraft )
FERRY TICKET OFFICE
flag
radar
smokestack
crane
lifeboat
a furious captain
anchor
cargo freighter
a falling car
tender car
barge
Pa is missing al the sights of the harbor . Cars are being loaded onto a freighter , to be carried across the ocean to far parts of the world . Oh , my ! One of them is not going any farther than the bottom of the harbor !
straddle truck
flying fish
FISH
fish truck
garbage truck
WATCH WHAT YOU'RE DOING ! !
squasher - downer
bulldozer
a squashed - down golf car
Two golfers have lost their golf balls in the garbage dump . Please help find them .
TOWN DUMP
caterpillar bus
cross - country car
The Pig family is driving up into the mountains . It is getting colder . It is snowing . The road is icy . The pie truck skids off the road . Mistress Mouse says it is time to put on snow chains . Hey Pa ! Wake up ! Put on your snow chains ! And please put the top up .
a skidding pie truck
icy road
SLIPPERY WHEN WHET
bent sign
MISTRESS MOUSE REPAIRS
a worker string wire on telephone poles
TELEPHONE COMPANY
a spool of wire
telephone truck
SNOW BEACH
snow bus
Ma put on the snow chains . Ma put the top up . WOW ! Just look at all that snow ! Is n't it beautiful ? There 's a pile of things all covered with snow on the truck behind the Pigs . I wonder what they could be ?
Harry , dear ! You must remember to close the window after you !
snowplow
sled
Backwoodsman Bear taking home some honey on his snowmobile
snow tractor pulling a roller to pack the snow down on the ski slope for better skiing
skier
roller
a mouse packing down snow
snow blower
guide poles for snowplowing
express truck and trailers
EXPRESS 1
tipped - over watermelon truck
STOP !
Did you guess what those things are , all covered with snow ? Well ! Now you KNOW ! They are watermelons . STOP , WATERMELONS , STOP !
Henry , chasing a watermelon
antique car
cement mixer
The noise of the rolling watermelons awakens Pa. Ma stops and Pa takes off the snow chains . They have come down out of the mountains , and there is no more snow . Now Ma is helping Pa put the top down , as the show is all melted ... well ,
snow chains
runaway watermelons
EXPRESS 2
EXPRESS 3
chemical tank truck
mountain climber
Harry , chasing a watermelon
STOP !
Carl Cat 's car
roadster
skis on a rack
snowshoe
SKI SCHOOL
ski - school bus
Oh , NO ! I never though I would see an accident as bad as this one ! This is what I would call SOME ACCIDENT ! It just does n't seem possible , does it ? But there you are ... you can see for yourself . And poor Mistress MOuse ! It will probably take her a MILLION YEARS to fix everything . Lucky , no one was badly hurt .
WHIPPED CREAM
FIRE DEPT .
TOMATO JUICE
FLOUR
BANANAS
FRESH EGGS
MISTRESS MOUSE REPAIRS
The egg men always wear seat belts so that they wo n't fall out and get broken . Do you ?
LIQUID DETERGENT
MAPLE SYRUP
CHINAWARE THIS SIDE UP
MUSTARD
AMBULANCE
POLICE
" Well , we are almost home now , " says Pa. " Thank goodness , " says Ma .
THIS SIDE UP
TOYS
delivery van
And , sure enough , here they are . " BACK , SAFE , HOME AGAIN , " they all say together . In front of their house , a delivery man is just leaving . " What are those boxes on the front lawn ? " asks Ma . " What are those boxes on the front lawn ? " asks Penny . " What are those boxes on the front lawn ? " asks Pickles . Pa just smiles and does n't ask anything . " Oh , look ! " says Ma . " I think we are going to have new neighbors . "
COMING SOON RODEO
mobile library
advertising car
YOUR MOBILE LIBRARY
BRINGING BOOKS TO YOU
WELCOME WAGON
EDDIE AND SON ELECTRICIANS
electrician 's van
SOLD
Take care , Mr Loving
THE 3 MOVERS TENDER , LOVING , AND CARE
moving van
battery - powered car
ADAM 'S APPLES
apple van
WE PRESS SUITS WHILE U WAIT
steamroller
You missed a wrinkle , Joe !
MISTRESS MOUSE REPAIRS
STOP
I got you at last !
Whew ! I 'm tired !
And , sure enough , Ma is right , as usual . They
Do you remember his visit to the toy shop ?
Hi ! Hi ! Hi ! Hi ! Hi ! Hi ! Hi ! Hi ! Hi ! Hi ! Hi ! Hi ! Hi ! Hi ! Hi ! Hi ! Hi ! Hi ! Hi ! Hi ! Hi !
POLICE
F.D
Well , at last ! Officer Flossy has finally caught that Dingo . When will he ever learn to drive properly ? Probably never ... but we can always hope for the best . My ! Has n't it been an exciting day ?
Yikes !
STOP
THIS IS THE END

New cars are coming to Radiator Springs . They want to see Lightning McQueen !
The town is getting ready . They have work to do !
McQueen paves the road . It will be smooth for his fans .
Ramone gives himself a fresh coat of paint .
He is ready to paint all the new cars that come to town .
Sarge leads his own boot camp .
He will get all the 4x4s that visit into good shape .
Fillmore makes his own fuel . He hopes McQueen 's fans are thirsty .
At Casa Della Tires , Luigi has new tires to sell . McQueen tries them on . Guido helps , too . He is a busy forklift .
Flo runs the diner . Cars visit and sip oil with friends .
Soon it will be packed with racing fans .
Red waters the flowers . He wants the town to look its best !
Sally fixes up her motel . It is the perfect place for guests to rest .
Frank cuts and harvests grain . Mater gets Frank to work extra hard .
Sheriff puts up new road signs .
He does not want anyone to speed .
After a long drive , the cars need a tune - up . Doc is ready to take good care of them .
Lizzie gets new bumper stickers . She will sell them in her shop .
Kori reports the latest news .
Al Oft , the Lightyear blimp , flies overhead .
He lets everyone in town know when visitors are on their way .
The town is ready and the work is done ! The cars go out and have some fun !
Welcome to Radiator Springs !

It was December , and Marshall 's class had heard stories about runaway gingerbread men all week long . Marshall did n't believe a word of it .
" They ca n't run for real , " he told everybody . " No way . " " Hope you 're right , " Mrs. Gray said . " Because we 're baking ours today ! " Marshall gave a nod . He knew he was right .
That afternoon , Marshall and his friends poured in the flour , sugar , and some dark sticky stuff . " That 's molasses , " Marshall told them . Marshall was the mizter , and even when his arms got tired , he kept going with the dough-- he could n't wait to get his cookie !
" Kudos , Marsh , " said Mrs. Gray . " You rocked that dough . " Marshall gave a nod . He knew he rocked it .
Marshall put some good stuff on his gingerbread man-- a silver ball belt and six eyes ( he really liked raisins ) . His cookie was lookin ' tasty ! Mrs. Gray double - checked the oven door once the gingerbread men were safely inside . " Locked , " she said . When the timer finally went off , Mrs. Gray said to Marshall , " Fearless leader , take us to the kitchen ! "
But when they looked in the oven ... THERE WAS NOTHING INSIDE !
" THEY RAN AWAY ! " everybody yelled . " LET 'S GET THEM ! " Marshall did n't buy it .
" They left us a clue ! " said Mrs. Gray . If you can find us , we 'll be your snack , But if you ca n't , we 're never coming back , We ran from the oven , we were bored and hot , Now we 're hiding in a big black _ _ _ _ .
Henry jumped up . " POT , POT , THE BIG BLACK POT ! " Inside was another note . Too bad you did n't catch us , 'Cause we taste like candy . Now we 're on vacation on a beach that 's _ _ _ _ _ .
" SANDY ! " everybody yelled . " THE SAND TABLE ! " They all started running . Everybody but Marshall . He turned that pot over and ran his hand around the inside . He felt something soft and small . A raisin ! Marshall put it right in his pocket .
At the sand table , Mrs. Gray read the next note . " Whoa , " she said . " Bad handwriting . " You did n't find us this time , and a hee - hee - ho ! You though we might be slow 'cause we 're only made of dough . We 're very fast cookies , and we also like to grab , See if you can find us we 'll be playing _ _ _ _ .
" Tag , " said Avery . " They ca n't run , " said Marshall . " Can so , " said Avery . " Let 's go ! said Mrs. Gray . Everybody ran to the gym . Well , everybody but Marshall . " Can I see that clue ? " he asked . The writing was bad . No way it was Mrs. Gray 's .
The next clue was on the bleachers . We 've had a great time and we have n't made a mess . We 're very impressed that you 're trying your best . If you do n't find us this time the game 's all done , You will have lost and the G - men will have won ! " That 's not a clue , " said Henry . They were stuck , but they were hungry , and they wanted to win . Everybody huddled .
But Marshall sat down , considering the evidence . The raisin in his pocket ... and the bad handwriting . What if the G - men could run ?
That 's when he was the silver ball on the gym floor . There was only one place it could have come from . Then he saw the footprints .
They were gingerbread footprints , hundreds of them !
Marshall did n't make a sound . Those guys played hard , he thought . They 've got ta be tired . THAT WAS IT !
" THEY'RE TAKING A NAP ! " Marshall hollered . Everyone searched , in the bleachers and under the mats . No luck . Had the G - men won ? If I needed a nap , thought Marshall , I 'd go to ... " BED ! THEY'RE IN THE DOLL CORNER ! " he yelled .
Marshall led the way this time .
And there were the little gingerbread men , sound asleep in the doll bed . Marshall 's guy was right there in the middle , minus an eye and a ball from his belt . He must have been the ringleader .
Everyone cheered- they had caught the G - men ! Marshall gave his cookie back his eye . " You really can run , " he said .
" Good sleuthing , " said Mrs. Gray . Marshall gave a nod . He knew he had good sleuthing , whatever that was .
When Marshall 's dad came to pick him up , Marshall kept his G - man close .
" Dad ? " Marshall said once they were in the car . " Yeah , bud ? " " Lock the doors . " " Why 's that ? " said his dad . " So my cookie ca n't get out , " said Marshall . " They can run for real , you know . "
His dad gave a nod .
He knew they could run .

Say hello to plump samosas
stuffed with minty mashed aloo .
Puffed rice salad , called bhel puri , crackles when we chew .
My lassi smells of rose water .
Rice idli fills my bowl .
Here 's tandoori chicken tikka tucked inside my roti roll .
I decorate my grilled kebab
with dahi yogurt dots .
Pop a pani puri in my mouth - for one bite , that 's a lot !
I like chutney on paneer pakoras , fritters made of cheese .
Sweet jumbles of jalebi ,
and one coconut cham - cham , please .
So many fragrant chaat and sweets we 've tasted through this day . I give my thanks to India and I say namaste .

Oh , hello ! Charlie the Ranch Dog here . Things are sure busy around the ol' homestead today !
Daddy 's busy fixing a tire . I 'm helping of course . Cowboy Josh is busy shoeing a horse . He 'd never be able to do it without me .
The cows are busy taking care of their calves ... Okay , so I ca n't help out much there .
As for Mama , she 's busy in the house with the kids . I 'd better get in there and lend a hand ! I imagine Mama could use a little help right about now . I 'm Charlie the Ranch Dog , after all . This place would simply fall apart if I was n't here .
Um ... HELLO ?
What 's everybody doing ? I see books ... I see a chalkboard ... Hmmm ....
Why , I do believe ... Why , I do believe they 're doing SCHOOL ! I remember school ! Mama told me all about it . Lots of kids go to school at school , and lots of kids go to school at home .
My family goes to school at home . It 's lots and lots of fun . There 's math time ... I love math . Especially the subtraction part .
And there 's reading time ... Those are definitely the strangest - looking cows I 've ever seen !
There 's also recess time ! It 's important for the kids to get lots of exercise . I should know . Exercise is a way of life for me .
And best of all , there 's snack time . YUM . Snack time is my life .
After snack time , it 's time to get back inside and hit the books !
Hey ... I have an idea .
I could start my own school ! These fellas sure could use the education .
Suzie needs to learn her letters . They come in handy when it comes to reading aboud food . Here , for instance , the letters say , " This food is only for Charlie . Please do not touch . "
" Focus , Suzie . Focus ! "
Kitty Kitty needs to practice his math . Numbers are very important when it comes to counting food .
" Do n't play , Kitty Kitty . Count ! "
The ranch horses need to brush up on their history .
" Excuse me ! Books are n't for eating ! "
And Walter ? Well , Walter needs to learn everything !
" Sleeping ? How can you sleep at a time like this ? "
Wait a minute ... What in the world is going on around here ?
" Class ! If you do n't start working on your school , there will definitely be no snack today . Now help me get this place cleaned up before Mama sees it ! "
Whew ! This school business sure is hard work ! I think I need a recess . Or maybe ... YAWN .... maybe a nap would be better .
I can always start my school again tomorrow .
ZZzzzzZZZZzzz ....

Bam ! A bright light hits my face . I cover my eyes with my floppy ears . Oh . It 's just the sun . Wait . What ? The sun !
Yesterday was cold and rainy . So was the day before . I did n't get any ranch work done ! Today will be extra busy .
Sniff , sniff . Where 's my bacon breakfast ? It 'd better find Mama .
I spot Mama in the garden . The grass is warm on my paws . Sniff , sniff . Flowers ! Wait . Is that a bird ? Squirrel ! I chase him up a tree .
Wait . Wait ! Is that a rabbit ? Chasing rabbits is the best !
Mama does n't see the rabbit hopping . She is digging up carrots .
But I know what Mr. Rabbit is up to RRRRRRROOOWW - OOOOOH ! I howl and take a giant , running leap .
That rabbit is fast ! He grabs a carrot and jumps right over my head .
Oh , I do n't think so , Mr. Rabbit . I 'm the boss of this ranch . No one steals from Mama and gets away with it !
The chase is on . Huff . Puff . Phew ! My short legs were n't made for this . You can hop , but you ca n't hide !
Huh ? Where did Mr. Rabbit go ?
Sniff , sniff . Did Mr. Rabbit go down this hole ? When will he come out ? I guess I 'll have to wait .
The sun feels so warm on my fur . Maybe I 'll lie down and rest , just for one second .
Ouch ! Rabbit feet smack my back .
He 's a hopping machine ! I 'll never catch him . Who invented chasing rabbits , anyway ? Chasing rabbits is the worst ! Why ca n't we just be friends ?
Oh , right . Because he 's a carrot thief .
Grrr . My stomach rumbles . I forgot to eat breakfast ! This is all Mr. Rabbit 's fault . I 'm so hungry . Wait . Hold on ! I have an idea .
No one is in the garden . I sniff until I find a ripe carrot . I dig it up with my front paws .
" Yoo - hoo , Mr. Rabbit . Are you home ? " No answer . I 'll have to wait again . Nap time !
Sniff , sniff ! My nose wakes me up . Mr. Rabbit ! He ca n't escape down his hole . I 'm lying on top of it . He looks around everywhere and wiggles his pink nose .
Mr. Rabbit is shaking all over . The carrot is in my mouth . I stand and smile my biggest smile so he wo n't be afraid .
I take one step forward and -- ZOOM ! Mr. Rabbit is gone in a flash back down his rabbit hole .
The next day , I guard the garden . Mr. Rabbit stays away all morning . At noon , I bring him a carrot lunch . I do n't wait this time .
After a yummy bacon dinner , I head across the pasture . There is no sign of the carrot .
Mr. Rabbit pokes his head up . " If you stop taking carrots without asking , " I say , " I will share them with you . "
Mr. Rabbit offers me a nibble of carrot . Ugh ! Yuck !
I 'm so happy to be a bacon - eating ranch dog instead of a carrot - eating rabbit .

Chick had read The Adventures of Wonder Pug ! 127 times . Every page was packed with excitement .
But there was no excitement in the chicken coop .
So Chick set off to find some .
It was n't long before he found a real , live Wonder Pug .
" Wow . " Chick swooned . Even asleep he looked wonderful .
Chick waited for his hero to wake up .
But sometimes , even a hero needs a wake - up call .
" You 're Wonder Pug , right ? " Chick asked .
" I 'm a pug . I was a sleeping pug . "
" Well , Pug . " Chick sighed . " I think you are magnificent . I am going to be a Wonder Pug when I grow up . "
" I mean , laying eggs all day ? "
" Pecking in the dirt ? What kind of life is that ? "
He must be saving his energy for his next adventure . Pug was n't exactly paying attention .
Wait . What 's that ? A twitch ? A wiggle ?
YAWN .... " Okay ! Here we go ! " Chick was all aflutter with excitement . " Let the adventure begin ! "
" Go get 'em , Tiger ! Show that knotted rope who 's boss ! "
" What about this frisbee ? Are you just gon na let it taunt you like that ? "
" You never know when an empty can might turn on you . "
Oh , mon cheri ! Did it come off again ? ... Suddenly , Chick heard the clicking of footsteps . " Who is that ? What does she want ? "
Ooh ! Puggly Wuggly looks so handsome in his wittle outfit !
" Look at him go ! He must have trained vigorously to beat such an opponent ! " Chick was impressed .
Now , Mr. Snuggles , you play with Puggly Wuggly ...
But the stranger came back . " Hey , Pug . Do you see what I see ? "
" Pug ! Pug ! An intruder has entered your territory ! "
Clearly , Pug 's strategy was to play dead .
" There must be something I can do , " Thought Chick .
But what ? A staring contest ? An egg , right in the kisser ? And then it came to him ...
WOOF !
Hmmf ... " Mr. Snuggles did n't count on Wonder Pug having a sidekick , did he ? "

1 told 2 and 2 told 3 , " I 'll race you to the top of the apple tree . " 3 2 1
0
" Climb , " said 4 to 5 and 6 , bright little numbers that join the mix . " Hurry ! " yelled 7 , to number 8 , slow - poke fellow who 's always late . 4 5 6 7
" Chicka Chicka 1 , 2 , 3 . . . Will there be a place for me ? " 0
Here comes 9 to the apple tree . Next comes 10 and then 11 . " Wow , these apples taste like heaven ! " 11 10 9
" Chicka Chicka 1 , 2 , 3 . . . Will there be a place for me ? " 0
Hot pink 12 , lucky 13 , picking apples red and green .
14 , 15 ... ca n't you see ? They all want to climb the apple tree . 15 14 13 12
" Chicka Chika 1 , 2 , 3 ... Will there be a place for me ? " 0
16 's next to make the scene , climbing branches with 17 .
18 , 19 , one more 's 20 . Numbers . numbers , there are plenty . 16 17 18 19
20 " Chicka Chicka 1 , 2 , 3 ... Will there be a place for me ? " 0
Curvy 30 , flat - foot 40 climbing up to join the party ! 50 's fine and 60;s dandy . 70 's hair is long and sandy . 60 50 40
70 30 " Chicka Chicka 1 , 2 , 3 ... Will there be a place for me ? " 0
" Let 's climb more , " says treetop 80 , higher and higher , up to 90 , until at last there 's 99 , and all the numbers are feeling fine , 99
except for 0 , who begins to cry . " Chicka Chicka 1 , 2 , 3 ... Will there be a place for me ? " 80 90 0
Oh no ! Buzzing close ! Bumblebees ! 0 hides behind the tree .
" GET OUT OF OUR TREE ! " the bumblebees shout , and all the numbers tumble out .
90 , 80 , 70 fall hit the ground in a free - for - all . 90
80 70
60 , 50 , 40 run . No more climbing , no more fun ! 30next then sweet little 20 . Numbers , numbers , no longer plenty ! 60 50
40 30 20
19 and 18 my , oh my ! Frightened numbers jump and fly ! 17 , 16 , 15 more . Now 14 has hit the floor . And 13 , too- unlucky guy ! 12 had almost touched the sky !
12 19 18 17 15 16 13 14
Bent up 11 . ( Wait where 's 10 ? ) 9 , 8 , 7 follow then . Twisted 6 and top hat 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 take a dive !
" Chicka Chicka 1 , 2 , 3 ... Now I know the place for me ! "
0 leaps into the sky . Brave little number , he 's not shy .
0 lands on top of the tree , joins with 10 . Now 100 you see !
" Chicka Chicka 1 , 2 , 3 ... Here 's the place that 's just for me ! "
All the numbers come back out , higher and higher , as they shout ...
" Chicka , Chicka 1 , 2 , 3 ! 0 's hero of the number tree ! "
0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100

It starts with a chicken .
The chicken lays some eggs .
A fluffy chick hatches .
The chick eats and grows .
The chick gets bigger .
The chick becomes a chicken .
The chicken lays some eggs .

" I will grow a pumpkin , " said Earl .
" I will grow two pumpkins , " said Pearl . Chicken scratched the dirt .
" Shoo ! " said Earl . " Shoo ! Shoo ! " said Pearl . " Cluck ! Cluck ! Cluck ! " said Chicken .
Earl dug the garden . Pearl planted the seeds .
Chicken scratched the dirt . " Shoo ! " said Earl .
" Shoo ! Shoo ! " said Pearl . " Cluck ! Cluck ! Cluck ! " said Chicken .
Earl watered the seeds . Pearl pulled the weeds .
Chicken scratched the dirt . " Shoo ! " said Earl .
" Shoo ! Shoo ! " said Pearl . " Cluck ! Cluck ! Cluck ! " said Chicken .
Earl 's pumpkin grew . Pearls pumpkin grew . Chicken scratched the dirt .
" Shoo ! " said Earl . " Shoo ! Shoo ! " said Pearl .
" Cluck ! Cluck ! Cluck ! " said Chicken .
Then one day grasshoppers came .
Jump ! in the garden . Nibble . Jump ! on the pumpkins . Nibble . Nibble .
Jump ! Jump ! Jump ! Nibble . Nibble . Nibble .
" Shoo ! " said Earl . " Shoo ! Shoo ! " said Pearl .
The grasshoppers stayed .
Chicken said " Cluck ! " One grasshopper jumped .
Chicken said " Cluck ! Cluck ! " Two grasshoppers jumped .
Chicken said " Cluck ! Cluck ! Cluck ! " Jump ! Jump ! Jump !
" Hooray ! " said Earl . " Hooray ! Hooray ! " said Pearl .
" Cluck ! Cluck ! Cluck ! " said Chicken .
Earl gave chicken one pumpkin .
Pearl gave chicken two pumpkins .
Chicken scratched the dirt .

In January it 's so nice while slipping on the sliding ice to sip hot chicken soup with rice .   Sipping once sipping twice sipping chicken soup with rice .
In February it will be my snowman 's anniversary with cake for him and soup for me !   Happy once happy twice happy chicken soup with rice .
In March the wind blows down the door and spills my soup upon the floor .   It laps it up and roars for more .   Blowing once blowing twice blowing chicken soup with rice .
In April I will go away to far off Spain or old Bombay and dream about hot soup all day .   Oh my oh once oh my oh twice oh my oh chicken soup with rice .
In May I truly think it best to be a robin lightly dressed concocting soup inside my nest .   Mix it once mix it twice mix that chicken soup with rice .
In June I saw a charming group of roses all begin to droop .   I pepped them up with chicken soup !   Sprinkle once sprinkle twice sprinkle chicken soup with rice .
In July I 'll take a peep into the cool and fishy deep where chicken soup is selling cheap .   Selling once selling twice selling chicken soup with rice .
In August it will be so hot I will become a cooking pot cooking soup of course .   Why not ?   Cooking once cooking twice cooking chicken soup with rice .
In September for a while I will ride a crocodile down the chicken soupy Nile .   Paddle once paddle twice paddle chicken soup with rice .
In October I 'll be host to witches , goblins and a ghost .   I 'll serve them chicken soup on toast .   Whoopy once whoopy twice whoopy chicken soup with rice .
In November 's gusty gale I will flop my flippy tail and spout hot soup .   I 'll be a whale !   Spouting once spouting twice spouting chicken soup with rice .
In December I will be a baubled bangled Christmas tree with soup bowls draped all over me .   Merry once merry twice merry chicken soup with rice .
I told you once I told you twice all seasons of the year are nice for eating chicken soup with rice !

Christmas cats make lists
Christmas cats plan , too .
Christmas cats hunt around
for paper , clay , and glue .
Christmas cats make presents :
a mat , a bowl , a drum
Little kittens asking , " When will Santa Cat come ? "
Christmas cats make chains .
They hang the mistletoe .
Christmas cats light windows .
Christmas cats roll dough .
Christmas cats clean up
every little drop and crumb .
Little kittens asking , " When will Santa Cat come ? "
Christmas cats wrap presents .
Christmas cats tie bows .
Christmas cats sing
as the snowy wind blows .
Christmas cats dream
while they sleep . " Yum , Yum ! "
Little kittens shouting , " Look ! Santa Cat has come ! "
MERRY CHRISTMAS !

The day she was born was the happiest day in her parents ' lives . " She 's perfect , " said her mother . " Absolutely , " said her father . And she was . She was absolutely perfect .
" Her name must be everything she is , " said her mother . " Her name must be absolutely perfect , " said her father . And it was . Chrysanthemum . Her parents named her Chrysanthemum .
Chrysanthemum grew and grew and grew . And when she was old enough to appreciate it , Chrysanthemum loved her name .
She loved the way it sounded when her mother woke her up . She loved the way it sounded when her father called her for dinner . And she loved the way it sounded when she whispered it to herself in the bathroom mirror . Chrysanthemum , Chrysanthemum , Chrysanthemum .
Chrysanthemum loved the way her name looked when it was written with ink on an envelope . She loved the way it looked when it was written with icing on her birthday cake . And she loved the way it looked when she wrote it herself with her fat orange crayon . Chrysanthemum , Chrysanthemum , Chrysanthemum .
Chrysanthemum thought her name was absolutely perfect . And then she started school . On the first day , Chrysanthemum wore her sunniest dress and her brightest smile . She ran all the way . " Hooray ! " said Chrysanthemum . " School ! "
But when Mrs. Chud took roll call , everyone giggled upon hearing Chrysanthemum 's name .
" It 's so long , " said Jo . " It scarcely fits on your name tag , " said Rita , pointing . " I 'm named after my grandmother , " said Victoria . " You 're named after a
The rest of the day was not much better . During naptime Victoria raised her hand and informed Mrs. Chud that Chrysanthemum 's name was spelled with
" If I had a name like yours , I 'd change it , " Victoria said as the students lined up to go home . I wish I could , thought Chrysanthemum miserably .
" Welcome home ! " said her mother . " Welcome home ! " said her father . " School is no place for me , " said Chrysanthemum . " My name is too long . It scarcely fits on my name tag . And I 'm named after a
Chrysanthemum felt much better after her favorite dinner ( macaroni and cheese with ketchup ) and an evening filled with hugs and kisses and Parcheesi .
That night Chrysanthemum dreamed that her name was Jane . It was an extremely pleasant dream .
The next morning Chrysanthemum wore her most comfortable jumper . She walked to school as slowly as she could . She dragged her feet in the dirt . Chrysanthemum , Chrysanthemum , Chrysanthemum , she wrote .
She even
The rest of the day was not much better . During naptime Victoria raised her hand and said , " A chrysanthemum is a flower . It lives in a garden with worms and other dirty things . " " Thank you for sharing that with us , Victoria , " said Mrs. Chud . " Now put your head down . "
" I just can not believe your name , " Victoria said as the students lined up to go home . Neither can I , thought Chrysanthemum miserably .
That night Chrysanthemum dreamed that she really
It was the worst nightmare of Chrysanthemum 's life .
Chrysanthemum wore her outfit with seven pockets the next morning . She loaded the pockets with her most prized possessions and her good - luck charms . Chrysanthemum took the longest route possible to school . She stopped and stared at each and every flower . " Chrysanthemum , Chrysanthemum , Chrysanthemum , " the flowers seemed to say .
That morning the students were introduced to Mrs. Twinkle , the music teacher . Her voice was like something out of a dream , as was everything else about her . The students were speechless . They thought Mrs. Twinkle was an indescribable wonder . They went out of their way to make a nice impression .
Mrs. Twinkle led the students in scales . Then she assigned roles for the class musicale . Victoria was chosen as the dainty Fairy Queen . Rita was chosen as the spiffy Butterfly Princess . Jo was chosen as the all - important Pixie - messenger . And Chrysanthemum was chosen as a daisy .
" Chrysanthemum 's a daisy ! Chrysanthemum 's a daisy ! " Jo , Rita , and Victoria chanted , thinking it was wildly funny . Chrysanthemum wilted . She did not think her name was absolutely perfect . She thought it was absolutely dreadful .
" What 's so humorous ? " asked Mrs. Twinkle . " Chrysanthemum ! " was the answer . " Her name is so
"
Chrysanthemum could scarcely believe her ears . She blushed . She beamed . She bloomed . Chrysanthemum , Chrysanthemum , Chrysanthemum .
Jo , Rita , and Victoria looked at Chrysanthemum longingly . " Call me Marigold , " said Jo . " I 'm Carnation , " said Rita , pointing . " My name is Lily of the Valley , " said Victoria .
Chrysanthemum did not
EPILOGUE : Overall , the class musicale was a huge success . Chrysanthemum was absolutely perfect as a daisy . Victoria made the only mistake : She completely forgot her lines as the dainty Fairy Queen . Chrysanthemum thought it was wildly funny , and she giggled throughout the entire Dance of the Flowers . Eventually , Mrs. Twinkle gave birth to a healthy baby girl . And , of course , she named her Chrysanthemum .

Sun 's up ! Morning 's here . Up and at 'em , engineer .
Chugga - chugga choo - choo , whistle blowing ,
Whooooooo ! whooooooo !
Hurry Hurry ! Load the freight . To the city . Ca n't be late .
Through the country on the loose . Engine black and red caboose .
Chugga - chugga choo - choo ,
Wheels a - turning , whoooooo ! Whoooooooo !
' Round the mountains , high and steep . Through the valleys , low and deep .
Into tunnels , underground . See the darkness . Hear the sound . Chugga - chugga choo - choo , echo calling ,
Whoooooooo ! Whoooooooo ! Whoooooooo ! Whoooooooo !
Across the river swift and wide . A bridge goes to the other side . Chugga - chugga choo - choo , there 's the city ,
Whooooooo ! whooooooo !
In the station workers wait . Ready to unload the freight .
Boxcars empty . One by one . The sun is setting . Job well done . Tired - tired choo - choo , night is falling ,
Whooooo ! whooooo !
To the roundhouse you are bound . Good night , engine , safe and sound .
Sleepy sleepy choo - choo , till tomorrow ,
whooooooo ! whooooooo !

When Chu sneezed , bad things happened .
In the morning , Chu went with his mother to the library .
There was old - book - dust in the air .
" Are you going to sneeze ? " said his mother .
aah . aaah .
Aaaah .
No , said Chu .
At lunchtime , Chu went with his father to the diner .
There was a lot of pepper in the air ....
" Are you going to sneeze ? " asked his father .
AAH- AAAAH-
AAAAAH-
No , said Chu .
Later that day , Chu and his parents went to the circus !
I will tell you something , said Chu .
Guess what ? said Chu . But nobody listened . They were watching the circus .
I think I am going to sneeze , said Chu .
AAaachooooooooo !
Oops , said Chu .
After the circus , Chu went to bed .
Yup , said Chu . That was a sneeze all right .
Goodnight .

ONce Upon a time there was a girl named Cinderella . She lived with her stepmother . The stepmother did not like Cinderella . She made her work hard every day .
Cinderella had two stepsisters . Their names were Drizella and Anastasia . The stepsisters NEVER had t work . They just pranced around the house in their fancy dresses . And they always made fun of Cinderella because her dress was so plain .
One day a letter came to the house . " Drizella ! Anastasia ! " cried the stepmother . " Listen to this ! " She read the letter . It said : " The King is giving a ball tonight . His son , the Prince , will choose a wife . Every girl in the kingdom must be there . "
" Then I can go , too " said Cinderella . " YOU ! " cried the stepsisters . And they laughed and laughed . " But it says every girl in the kingdom must be there , " said Cinderella .
The stepmother smiled and said : " Of course you may go , Cinderella . You may go IF you do your work first and IF you have a dress to wear . " " Oh , thank you , " said Cinderella . And she ran up to her room .
Some mice lived in Cinderella 's room . They were Cinderella 's friends . She had even made little clothes for them . " Guess what ? " she cried . " I am going to a ball at the palace . " " Hooray ! " cried the mice .
Then she showed them an old dress . " It just needs a little mending , " said Cinderella . " And maybe a sash and some beads to make it pretty ! " " Yes , yes , Cinderelly ! " said the mice .
" CINDERELLA ! " called the stepmother . Cinderella went downstairs . " I want you to clean the floor and wash the windows and dust the drapes , " said the stepmother . " But I did that yesterday , " said Cinderella . " Do it again ! " said the stepmother . Cinderella worked as fast as she could . But there was always one more thing to do .
" CINDERELLA ! " " CINDERELLA ! " " CINDERELLA ! " " Oh dear , " said Cinderella . " I will never have time to mend my dress . "
" They make Cinderelly work , work , work , " said a fat mouse named Gus . " SHe will have no time to fix her dress , " said a skinny mouse named Jack . " We can do it ! " cried the mice . " We can fix Cinderelly 's dress . "
Gus and Jack sneaked into a big room . The stepsisters were dressing for the ball . " I hate this old sash , " said Drizella . And she threw it down . " I never want to see these beads again , " said Anastasia . And she dropped them on the floor .
Jack grabbed the sash . Gus picked up the beads . They took them to Cinderella 's room . " Look ! We found these , " said Gus . " Now we can make Cinderelly 's dress REALLY pretty , " said Jack .
They measured . They cut . They folded . They sewed . They worked and worked as fast as they could . The hours went by quickly .
Cinderella had to help the stepsisters with THEIR dresses . When she was done , the stepmother said : " It is time to go to the ball , girls . Are you ready , Cinderella ? " " No , " said Cinderella sadly . " I did not have time to fix my dress . "
" Too bad ! " said the stepsisters . " You must learn to work faster , " said the stepmother . They watched Cinderella go up to her room .
When Cinderella opened the door , she saw something wonderful . Her dress was ready ! " Surprise ! " cried the mice . " It is the prettiest dress I have ever seen , " said Cinderella . And she put it on .
Cinderella ran down the stairs . " Wait ! " she called . " I can go now . I have a dress . " The stepmother and the stepsisters could not believe their eyes .
" My sash ! " cried Drizella . " My beads ! " cried Anastasia . They ripped off the sash and pulled off the beads . Cinderella 's dress was ruined .
" come along , girls , " said the stepmother . " The Prince is waiting for you . " And off they went to the palace . Cinderella was left behind .
Cinderella ran into the garden . THe mice ran after her . " How I did wish to go to the ball ! " said Cinderella . " But it is no use . Wishes never come true . "
" Never , my dear ? " said a voice . Cinderella looked up . There was a little woman with a wand . " I am your fairy godmother , " she said . " I am here to give you your wish . "
" Now let me see , " said the fairy godmother . " I need a pumpkin and a horse and a dog . " What luck ! They are right here . " And ... ah , yes ! I need some mice ! "
When the mice heard this , they began to run . But the fairy godmother stopped them with her wand . " Now for the magic words , " she said . " BIBBIDI BOBBIDY BOO ! "
She waved her wand . The pumpkin turned into a coach . The horse turned into a coachman . The dog turned into a footman . And the mice turned into white horses .
" Now hop in , my dear , " said the fairy godmother . " But my dress ! " said Cinderella . " Oh , my ! " cried the fairy godmother . " I almost forgot . "
She waved her wand again . Cinderella looked down . Her dress turned into a white gown . Her shoes turned into glass slippers .
" Now hop into the coach , " said the fairy godmother . " But remember ! All magic ends when the clock strikes twelve . " " I wo n't forget , " said Cinderella . And off she went to the palace .
At the ball the King was complaining . " The Prince has met all the girls in the kingdom , " he said . " And he has not found one he likes . " " Give him time , " said the Grand Duke . " He has had enough time ! " cried the King .
Just then Cinderella came into the ballroom . When the Prince saw her , he bowed . " May I have this dance ? " he asked . " Yes , " said Cinderella .
All night the Prince danced only with Cinderella . They danced around the floor as if in a dream . Everyone said : " How lovely she is ! Who can she be ? "
The hours went by quickly . Suddenly the clock began to strike midnight . Cinderella rand down the palace steps . As she ran she lost a glass slipper .
When the Prince reached the steps , Cinderella was gone . He picked up the tiny glass slipper . " The girl who wore this slipper is the girl I want to marry , " said the Prince . He told the Grand Duke to find her .
Even before Cinderella was home , the magic had ended . The coach turned back into a pumpkin . The coachman turned back into a horse . The footman turned back into a dog . And there were Cinderella and the mice - just as before .
The next day the Grand Duke took the glass slipper to every house in the kingdom . At last he came to the house where Cinderella lived . Cinderella was up in her room .
First , Drizella tried the slipper . Her foot was much too long . Then Anastasia tried the slipper . Her foot was much too wide . " Are there any other girls in the house ? " asked the Grand Duke . " No , " said the stepmother .
Just then Cinderella came downstairs . " Who is this ? " asked the Grand Duke . " She is only the maid , " said the stepmother . " I do n't care , " said the Grand Duke . " She , too , must try the slipper . " It fit perfectly !
Then Cinderella reached in her picket and pulled out the other glass slipper . The Grand Duke bowed to Cinderella . " You are the girl the Prince says he must marry , " said the Grand Duke .
So Cinderella went to the palace and married the Prince . And they lived happily ever after .

* Show and Share *
Clark the shark loved school ! He loved his teacher and he loved learning . But sometimes Clark got a little mixed - up . One marvelous morning Mrs. Inkydink told Clark 's class , " Time for Show and Share ! " * History Math Oceanography Recess *
Benny Blowfish went firs . He played a song so sewer and sassy that Clark could't help but dance his funky shark dance - with a hip , and a hop , and a skiddly - widdly - wop !
" Sit down please ! " said mrs . Inkydink . " But I was sharing too ! " said Clark . " Sharing is caring " said Mrs. Inkydink . " And everyone must learn to wait there turn . " " I get it , said Clark . But he did n't really .
At reading roundup , Amanda eelwiggle won a scrumptious prize for reading the most books . " sea slug ice cream ? asked Clark . " Yum yum , I want some ! " " That 's up to amanda " said Mrs. Inkydink . " But sharing is caring ! " cried Clark . Mrs. Inkydink nodded . " Yes , I 'm aware . But the giver chooses when to share . " " Sharing is confusing " said Clark
In Reef Hocky , Clark chose to share his spectacular skills . " Hockey is Awesome ! " He roared . Clark front faked and back faked ; he stick checked and decked .
In the end , Clark did everything but pass the puck . His teammates were cranky . Hey hotshot . Let someone else score why do n't you ? said his best friend , Joey Mackerel . " But we all shared the win , " said Clark .
Coach Crabby scowled . " A win 's not okay unless we all get to play . " " Sharing is complicated , " said Clark .
After school Clark and Joey Mackerel played Sea Wars at Joey 's house . " Wow , is that Dark Wader ? " asked Clark . " Best birthday present ever , " said Joey . " Wanna play with Fluke Seawalker ? " Clark reeeealy wanted Dark Wader , but Joey asked him to wait his turn .
Then , Joey went to get them a snack , Clark could ' resist . " Must be my turn ! " It was , after all , the coolest toy ever .
Sea Wars rocks ! cried Clark . POW ! BAM !
CRUNCH ! oops .
" Clark ! " cried Joey . " You broke it ! " " Sorry , " said Clark . I was …  Sharing ? " jey shook his head , " that s not sharing , that 's taking and breaking . "
Clark swam home befuddled and bewildered . He did n't understand sharing at all .
And when he arrived , Clark found he was n't the only one who did n't get it .
" Mom ! " cried Clark . " My cap ! He borrowed it , he bit it , and now it 's ruined . "
Teething or no teething , " Clark 's mother said , " that 's no way to treat a cap . " " She told his   brother to ask before borrowing , but she told Clark , You have heaps of caps . And if you have a lot , why not share a lot ? "
But Clark did n't want to hear it . He swam to his room and sulked up a storm .
" Sharing is caring " Clark grumbled . " It 's not taking and breaking . " But this only reminded him of what he 'd done at Joey Mackerel 's house . Clark 's head hurt , as if a big , sharky thought was trying to break free . " Co , sharing is …  waiting your turn , letting everyone play , the giver chooses when , not taking and breaking , and giving what you 've got a lot of ? " sharing was confusing . But , thought Clark , it might also be worth getting right .
Mom , he asked , will you help me bake something ?
The next day , Clark gave joey a home baked krill cake and a great big sharky apology . " I think I 'll share this with the whole class , " said Joey . " Really ? " said Clark . " Really " said Joey Mackerel . * * Dare to Share * *
And when Amanda Eeelwiggle saw all that cake being cut up , she said , " You know what goes well with Krill cake ? " " No , what ? " said Clark . " Sea slug ice cream ! " And just like that , she scooped her treat onto everyone 's plates .
Clark the Shark looked around at all his classmates enjoying cake and ice cream and he got a warm wiggly feeling way down deep inside .
" What is it , Clark ? " asked Mrs. Inkydink .
With a ginormous grin , Clark broke into the funkiest , shakiest , funky shark dance ever . And this time , all his classmates joined him- with a hip and a hop and a skiddly - widdly - wop !
Sharing is Sweet ! cried Clark the Shark .

Of all the fish at Theodore Roosterfish Elementary , no one was stronger than Clark the Shark . He was n't afraid of whirlpools or whales , giant squids or riptides -- but one thing made him nervous .
" If you like a girl and it 's almost her birthday , what do you do ? " CLark asked his best friend , Joey Mackerel . " You give her candy , you send a card , " said Joey . " Badda - bim , badda - boom - no big deal . "
" But what if you really like her ? "
" Who do you like ? " said Joey . " Amanda EelWiggle ? "
" No ! " Cried Clark .
" Letty Lungfish ? "
" No way ! "
" Mrs. Inkydink ? "
" Eew , " said Clark . " No , I like Anna Angelfish . "
" If you want her to know it , " said Joey , " you 've got to show her how you feel . "
All day long , Clark fretted and fussed ; he worried and wondered . What would impress Anna the most ?
Then he had the biggest and best and most shark - errific idea .
" Girls like winners " Clark told Joey . " So hold on to your fin and watch me win ! "
" But- " said Joey .
Coach Crabby blew his whistle . " On your marks ... get set ... go ! "
Clark the Shark swam up a storm . He was faster than Roger , faster than Rita , faster than fast !
But when Clark turned to see if Anna was watching , he was n't fast enough to miss the reef . Woosha - whappa .... YOWCH !
" Big and flashy is n't always best , " said Joey .
" I 'll do better tomorrow , " said Clark .
The next day , the school boat passed Clark and Joey on the way to school . There sat Anna , sweet as jellyfish pie . But a blue whale 's wake sent the school boat spinning ! Woosha - walla ...
CRUNCH ! It wedged between two rocks .
" Girls like heroes , " said Clark . " I 'll save you , Anna ! "
And he swam at the bottom of the boat with all his sharky might . " Wait-- " said Joey . Woosha - whacka ...
WHOMP ! Clark hit so hard that everyone went flying , books and bags and all ! " Big and crashy does n't work either , " said joey . " I 'll do better tomorrow , " said Clark . " Tomorrow 's her birthday ! "
And Anna did n't even notice .
The next day , Clark went to school extra early . " GIrls like a big show , " he told himself . " So I 'll give her a show . " With care , he spelled out Happy Birthday , Anna ! across the hall in seaweed letters ten feet tall .
Right on time , along came the school boat . ANd along came Anna with a group of her friends .
But before she could spot her surprise , a school of barracuda blasted down the hall . Woosha - washa ...
SPLOOF ! They swam so fast , they blew the seaweed off the coral and into the students . " Who made this mess ? " Cried Anna and her friends .
" So much for big and grassy , " said Joey .
At recess , Clark would nt play with his friends . He just moped and muttered and grumped by himself . " Why so glum , chum ? " Said Joey .
" Every time I try to make a big impression , something goes wrong . " Joey shook his head . " Bigger is n't always better . Sometimes the best things -- like me -- come in small packages . "
Later , at lunch , Clark was playing whirly - doodle . After one wild game , he spun into the sea grass and landed with a thump . And there in the green , he spotted something .
Clark parted the grass , and right before his eyes , he found the tiniest , pinkest , most perfectly heart - shaped shell . Clark thought of Joey 's words . Could something small be best of all ?
Then he carefully picked up the shell and brought it to Anna . Woosha - washa ...
Hmm ? " Um , this is for you , Anna . Happy birthday ! " Clark held his breath . Would she like his gift , or laugh in his sharky face ?
Anna smiled . " Clark , that is so sweet ! "
" Not as sweet as you ! " Clark the Shark blushed four shades of red . " I ... like you , Anna "
" I like you too , Clark . "
And that afternoon , when the school day was done , Anna did n't catch the school boat after all . Instead , she swam home with Clark the Shark . Woosha - washa ...
AWWWW .

In all the wide blue seas , in all the wide blue world , the top school for fish was Theodore Roosterfish Elementary . And all of the fish at Theodore Roosterfish , the biggest and the strongest was Clark the Shark .
Clark loved school , and he loved his teacher , Mrs. Inkydink .
He loved to play upsy - downsy and spinna - ma - jig with his friends . Clark loved his life .
" School is awesome ! " shouted Clark the Shark .
" Less shouting , more reading ! " said Mrs. Inkydink .
" Lunchtime is sweeeeet ! " yelled Clark the Shark .
" Munch your own lunch , " said his best friend , Joey Mackerel .
" Recess rocks ! " bellowed Clark the Shark .
" You are playing rough , Clark ! " cried the other kids .
One day , Clark asked Mrs. Inkydink , " What 's wrong with everyone ? "
Mrs. Inkydink patted his fin . " Clark , sometimes you play too hard , you munch too hard , and gosh - you even help too hard . "
" But life is SO exciting ! " said Clark .
" There 's a time and a place for everything ! " said Mrs. Inkydink . " And sometimes the rule is stay cool . "
At recess , Clark tried to stay cool , but he pushed the swing with too much zing ! " Sorry , " said Clark . " I forgot . "
" Yikes ! " cried Joey Mackerel .
At lunch , Clark tried to stay cool , but everything smelled so good that he munched a bunch of lunches .
" Sorry , " said Clark . " I forgot . "
" We 're STARVING ! " said his friends .
In class , Clark tried to stay cool , but a good book got him all shook up .
" Now , Clark ! " said Mrs. Inkydink . " This is n't the time or the place . Tell me , what 's the rule ? "
" Stay cool , " said Clark .
" Hey , that rhymes ! " he cried .
Then Clark got a big idea in his sharky head . Maybe if I make a rhyme , I 'll remember every time ! he thought . The next day , he put his plan to work .
In class , when lessons got exciting , Clark wanted to bounce up out of his seat .
Instead , he told himself : " When teacher 's talking , do n't go walking . "
And what do you know ? It worked !
" Attaboy , Clark ! " said Mrs. Inkydink .
Clark smiled . " Lessons are fun ! "
At lunch , everything smelled sooo yummy . When Clark wanted to eat and eat and never stop , he told himself : " Only munch your own lunch . "
And it worked again !
" Way to go , Clark ! " said his friends .
Clark grinned . " Lunch is fun . "
At playtime , Clark told himself : " Easy does it , that 's the way . Then my friends will let me play . "
And playtime was fun . Once more , Clark loved his life .
But then a shadow fell across the playground - a gi - normous shadow with tentacles galore . " It 's a new kid , and he looks scary ! " cried Joey Mackerel . " Swim for your lives ! "
The squid squashed the slide , and it snapped off the swings .
" Oops . My bad , " said the new kid .
" Wait , " said Clark . " He just wants to play . Let 's find a way ! "
And he swam at the new kid with all his might . Clark played harder than he ever had before - upsy - downsy and spinna - ma - jig .
Why he even made up a new game : tail - whump - a - lumpus !
" Wow , that was fun , " said the new kid breathlessly , and he settled down . " If you want to come to school , you 've got to stay cool , " said Clark .
" That 's right , Clark , " said Mrs. Inkydink . " And thanks for taking care of our new classmate , Sid the Squid . "
" Hooray for Clark the Shark ! " everyone cheered .
That night Clark 's mother asked . " What did you learn at school , dear ? "
" There 's a time and a place for everything , " Clark said . " Sometimes you stay cool . "
" But sometimes a shark 's got ta do what a shark 's got ta do . "

Peppa and her friends are going on a class trip . Woof !
" Let 's check that you are all here , " says Madame Gazelle . " Here ! " cries Peppa . Baaa ! Grunt ! Snort !
" Today , " says Madame Gazelle , " we are going on a trip to the mountains ! "
" Hooray ! " cheer all the children .
Peppa and Suzy are already a little hungry . " Can we eat our lunches now , please ? " they ask Madame Gazelle .
" Why do n't you eat your apples and save the rest for out picnic ? " the teacher replies . Crunch ! Crunch !
The bus has arrived at the foot of the mountain . The road is very steep ! " Come on , bus ! You can make it ! " everyone cheers .
Peppa and her friends have finally made it to the top of the mountain . " Look at the view ! " gasps Madame Gazelle . All the children look out over the valley .
" Wow ! " exclaims Peppa loudly . " Wow ! Wow ! Wow ! " Peppa hears in the distance . " What was that ? " she asks . " It 's your echo , Peppa ! " replies Madame Gazelle . Wow ! Wow ! Wow !
The kids all take turns making noises to hear their echoes . Grunt ! Woof ! Baaa ! Snort !
Grunt ! Woof ! Baaa ! Snort !
Now it 's time for a picnic lunch . Peppa loves picnics . Everyone loves picnics ! Munch ! Slurp ! Crunch ! Yum ! Yum !
" Where are the ducks ? " asks Peppa , taking a bite of her sandwich . " They always turn up when we have picnics . "
Quack ! Quack ! Quack ! Here come the ducks . " Hello ! Would you like some bread ? " Peppa asks them .
The ducks are very lucky today . The kids brought plenty of extra bread to feed them !
Everyone hops back on the bus . It 's time to go home . " Let 's all sing a song ! " suggests Madame Gazelle . La , la , la .
Everyone has had a great day !

Hi ! I 'm Emily Elizabeth , and I have a dog named Clifford . One hot summer day , my friend Charley and I were playing trash - lid hockey .
Clifford played too ! Cleo and T - Bone cheered him on .
Just then , Charley 's dad called to us . He owned the Snack Shack . " I 'm closing the store for a while , " he said . " If you need anything , just go next door to Ms. Kit . She 'll help you . " And off he went .
" I 'll make you an ice - cream cone , " Charley said to me . I was n't sure if Charley was allowed to operate the ice cream machine , but it was an awfully hot day , and Charley seemed to know what he was doing .
Just then , a tourist came by . " I 'll have an ice - cream cone , too , " he said .
" Sure thing , " Charley said to the tourist .
" It 's okay , " Charley said to me . " I help my dad all the time . "
It was true that Charley helped his dad while his dad was there . But this was different . And I was beginning to worry .
More tourists came by , all wanting ice - cream cones .
So Charley and I made the cones , Cleo served them , and T - Bone collected the money .
But something went wrong . " I ca n't stop the machine , " Charley said . All the tourists had gone away by then .
" Eat fast , " Charley said . But we could n't eat fast enough to keep up with the machine . By that time , we were knee - deep in ice cream .
I think T - Bone was frightened . He jumped up on a crate and would n't come down .
The machine was making more and more ice cream . Soon I was up to my waist in the stuff . I thought Charley should go to Ms. Kit for help . But Charley wanted to handle things himself .
Meanwhile , the dogs seemed to be having a grand old time . Cleo and T - Bone used trash can lids to surf the ice cream . Clifford blew the ice cream and made big waves for them .
T - Bone seemed to have gotten over his fear pretty quickly !
But Charley and I were n't having any fun at all . We were up to our chests in ice cream -- and in deep , deep trouble .
" I wish I knew how to fix this , " Charley said .
" I can fix it , " said Charley 's dad . He maneuvered the lever , and the machine stopped . But it was too late . Ice cream was everywhere .
" You should have asked Ms. Kit for help , " Charley 's dad said .
Charley felt very ashamed . " Sorry , dad , " he said . " I really thought I could handle it . "
On that day , Charley and I learned an important lesson -- if you need help , ask for it . Charley 's dad gave each of us a mop , and together we cleaned that big ice cream mess .
The dogs helped , too . T - Bone and Cleo ate until they could n't eat any more .
But Clifford still had room for one last lick !

Emily Elizabeth was leaving for school . " I 'll see you when I get home , " she told Clifford .
Oh no ! Emily Elizabeth forgot her lunch ! Clifford decided to bring it to her .
Clifford looked for Emily Elizabeth in every classroom .
But he could n't find her anywhere .
Emily Elizabeth was in the lunchroom . Clifford found her just in time !
Clifford decided to stay for lunch .
He stayed for recess too . " What would I do without you , Clifford ? " Emily Elizabeth gave her big dog a big hug .

Clifford and his friends were waiting for Christmas . " I hope Santa gets me a new ball , " said Cleo .
" I want a bowl with my name on it , " said T - Bone .
" I am going to wait up for Santa , " said Clifford .
" That is what you said last year . But then you fell asleep , " said Cleo .
Clifford went into his house . " Good night , Clifford , " said Emily Elizabeth . It was getting late . Snow was falling . Clifford waited and waited .
Then , Clifford heard bells . It was Santa ! Oops ! Santa crashed into the snow .
Woof ! Woof ! Clifford ran to help Santa . He pulled and tugged .
Santa , the reindeer , and the sleigh came free .
" Good boy , Clifford ! " said Santa
" The reindeer need a rest , Clifford . Can you give me a ride ? " asked Santa .
Santa hopped on Clifford 's back .
Soon the snow stopped . Clifford ran with Santa and his big bag of toys .
They took gifts to everyone .
They went to the big lighthouse .
They went to the little houses .
" We did it , Clifford , " said Santa . " That was the last gift . "
Woof ! Woof ! " Good dog , Clifford ! " said Santa .
Santa and the reindeer flew off . " Ho ! Ho ! Ho ! " Santa said . " Merry Christmas ! "
Clifford was very tired . " I told you he would fall asleep and miss Santa , " said Cleo .
Clifford opened his eyes . " No , I did n't , " he said . " I stayed up and helped Santa . "
Just then , Emily Elizabeth called him .
" See what Santa left , " Emily Elizabeth said .
" Merry Christmas , Clifford ! "

It was the hottest day of the summer . Nothing could cool Clifford off . Not even the fan Elizabeth gave him .
" Ready or not , here I come ! ' Cleo yelled . Splash ! " Clifford , check out Cleo 's new puppy pool ! " T - Bone said . " Is n't it cool ? "
" It sure looks cool , " Clifford said . " And small . " Cleo sighed . " I 'm sorry , big guy , " she said .
Clifford went to the Birdwell Island pool with Emily Elizabeth . " Would you like to hop in and cool off ? " she asked . Woof , woof !
" Watch out , everyone , here comes Clifford , " said Emily Elizabeth .
Clifford was ready to make a splash . One , two , three . . .
SPLASH ! When Clifford jumped in , all the water splashed out !
" Sorry , boy , you 're just too big for the pool , " said Emily Elizabeth sadly .
Clifford needed a place to cool off that was big and had lots and lots of water .
Where could he go ?
The beach ! It was the perfect place for a Big Red Dog to cool off in a big way .
Clifford ran into the water . Splish , splish , SPLASH !
" Surf 's up ! " Charley called . " Watch out ! " cried Charley 's dad .
Clifford was sorry he had soaked everyone at the beach .
" I guess you 'd better head home , boy , " said Charley .
At home , Emily Elizabeth 's mother was watering her garden .
She pointed the hose at Clifford . " Is that better ? " she asked .
Woof , woof ! It felt great !
" Are you having fun without us ? " Cleo asked . " Not anymore , " said Clifford . " Come on ! "
Emily Elizabeth and her friends came home and joined in the fun . " Clifford looks like he finally cooled off , " said Charley .
" Of course , " said Emily Elizabeth . " Any place Clifford goes is always the coolest place to be . "

It was the week before Christman . Emily Elizabeth and her friends had a big job . They had to pick a tree for the town square .
" I ca n't wait to go caroling , " said Jetta . " And drink hot chocolate , " Vaz added . " Jingle bells ! Jingle bells ! " all the kids sang .
Christmas Tree Farm
Then Mac raced in circles around a tree . " That 's a great tree , " said Jetta . " But it 's kind of crooked . "
" Clifford found a tree ! " called Emily Elizabeth .
Clifford wagged his tail . His tail hit a tree trunk .
" T - Bone , please stop howling , " said Charley . T - Bone was sad . Nobody liked to hear him sing .
" I 'll show them , " T - Bone said . He would find the best Christmas tree ever !
T - Bone sniffed at a small tree .
Then T - Bone spotted a pretty green tree . But that tree already had a home .
All of a sudden , T - Bone looked up . " Where is everybody ? " he asked . He could not even see Clifford ! Uh - oh ! T - Bone was lost !
Then T - Bone started to sing . " Ruf - ruf - ruf ! Ruf - ruf - ruf ! " Singing made him feel better .
T - Bone heard shouting . " I hear howling ! " " This way ! " "
Charley hugged T - Bone . " I 'm sorry , " said Charley . " I 'm glad you kept singing . "
" Hey , " Jetta called . " T - Bone found the perfect Christmas tree ! " T - Bone howled . He was happy .
That night , Clifford and his friends went caroling . The kids sang " Jingle Bells " and " Deck the Halls . "
Mac and Cleo barked . Clifford rang a big bell . And T - Bone howled .
Mr. Kibble gave them candy canes . Mrs. Diller gave them chocolate bells . Kids came outside to listen . And everyone followed Clifford to the town square .
The people of Bridwell Island made a big circle around their Christmas tree .
The crowd shouted , " Ten ! Nine ! Eight ! Seven ! Six ! Five ! Four ! Three ! Two ! One ! " The mayor flipped on the tree lights .
Clifford put a big gold star on top of the tree . Emily Elizabeth hugged Clifford . " You 're a star ! " she said .
But Clifford knew T - Bone was the real star . And so did Charley .

My name is Emily Elizabeth , and this is my dog Clifford . Clifford is not the oldest in his family , but he 's the biggest .
Last week Clifford and I went to the city to visit Clifford 's brother , Nero . Clifford knew the way .
Nero lives in a firehouse . He is a fire rescue dog .
I asked the firefighters if Clifford could help them . They thought he was the right color for the job .
Just then a group of schoolchildren came in for a fire safety class .
Nero showed them what to   do if their clothing was on fire .
To smother the flames , you stop , drop to the floor , and roll until the fire is out .
Clifford thought he could do that . He repeated the lesson for the class .
He stopped .
He dropped .
He rolled .
He rolled a little too far .
Just then , we heard the siren . There was a fire !
Nero stayed to guard the children . Clifford and I ran ahead .
He cleared the street for the fire trucks .
Smoke was pouring from the top floor of a tall building . Clifford pushed the crowd back to a safe place .
He saw some people in trouble .
Clifford to the rescue !
The heavy hose was hard to unreel . Clifford gave the firefighters a hand .
But then he saw that the fire hydrant was stuck shut .
Thank goodness Clifford was there to unstick it .
They had to get the smoke out of the building . Clifford made a hole in the roof .
The firefighters were calling for more water .
Clifford found some .
He helped clear the smoke away .
When the fire was out , Clifford made sure that the firefighters got out of the building safely .
They were grateful for everything he had done to help .
We gave some firefighter s a ride back to the firehouse .
Clifford was a hero ! The fire chief made him an honorary fire rescue dog . Just like his brother , Nero .

The sun was shining . It was the first morning of summer vacation .
Clifford smiled . He was going to have a great day with Emily Elizabeth .
" What should we do today ? " asked Emily Elizabeth . " Go the the beach ? Play in the park ? Explore Birdwell Island ? "
" Woof ! " barked Clifford . Emily Elizabeth laughed . " Good ! We 'll do it all ! "
First they flew a kite in the park . " uh - oh ! " said Emily Elizabeth . " it 's stuck . "
Clifford bumped the kite with his nose . The kite fell out of the tree . " You 're the best , Clifford ! " said Emily Elizabeth . Next they went to the beach . It was very windy . Sand flew everywhere .
Jetta and Mac ran over . Everyone hid behind Clifford .
" You make a great wind shield ! " said Emily Elizabeth .
The wind calmed down . Emily Elizabeth and Clifford went exploring . They looked in the store windows downtown .
They hiked around the lighthouse . " We saw the whole island ! " said Emily Elizabeth .
Clifford helped her onto his back . " Thanks for the ride home , " said Emily Elizabeth sleepily . " You 're my best friend , Clifford . "
That night they camped out in the backyard . " Your paws make a great tent , " said Emily Elizabeth .
Clifford watched fireflies flicker in the yard . He felt so happy .
Every day , Clifford and Emily Elizabeth had fun together . They played baseball in the park with their friends .
They splashed around in the ocean and found shells to take home .
One brisk morning , Emily Elizabeth said , " I 'm sorry , Clifford . I ca n't play today . "
" Let 's go , Emily Elizabeth , " said Mrs. Howard . " We 'll buy you new clothes for school . "
Clifford went to the park with Cleo and T - Bone .
It was fun to play with his friends , but he missed Emily Elizabeth .
That afternoon , Emily Elizabeth said , " I ca n't go to the beach now . I need a haircut for school . "
Clifford waited for Emily Elizabeth in the back yard . They would still have a campout , would n't they ?
" I need to go to bed early , " said Emily Elizabeth . " I have school tomorrow . "
" I 'm sorry , Clifford . "
In the morning , Charley and Jetta ran over . " The school bus broke down ! " said Charley .
" How will we get to school ? " wailed Jetta . " No problem , " said Emily Elizabeth . " Clifford , we need you ! "
" This is great , Clifford ! " said Emily Elizabeth . " Can you take us to school every day ? "
" Woof ! " Clifford barked happily . Summer vacation was over . But going to school was fun too !

My name is Emily Elizabeth and this is my dog , Clifford . Last week was Clifford 's birthday . We invited his pals to a party .
Mom had ice cream and cookies . We put up decorations .
When it was time for the party to begin , nobody was there . Where could they be ?
We went looking for Clifford 's pals . Thy were all together at the playground . I asked them why they had n't come to the party .
Jenny said they wanted to come , but they did n't have very good presents for clifford- not good enough for such a special friend .
I told them not to be silly . Clifford would like whatever they got for him . They all ran home to get their gifts .
and everyone came to the party .
First we opened the gift from scott and his dog susie . Scott had blown it up as much as he could .
Clifford blew it up some more .
That was a mistake .
Clifford was supposed to break the
and the
but we decided not to give Clifford any more
We all laughed when we saw the gift from Jenny and her dog , Flip . It was a little small for Clifford .
But it was just right for his nose . Clifford hates hang a cold nose .
Alisha and Nero 's gift was a toy dog that talked . FEED ME ! LET 'S PLAY I'M YOUR BUDDY
Clifford thought it was cute . He went to pet it . LET 'S PLAY
Uh - oh . They do n't make toys the way they used to . OUCH
It was time for ice cream when Cynthia and her dog , Basker , arrived . They brought Clifford a gift certificate from the BOW WOW Beauty Parlor . He could get a free shampoo and haircut .
We each had our own idea of how Clifford might look after the beauty parlor .
I like Clifford just the way he is . I thanked Cynthia for the gift , but I slipped the certificate to Scott and Susie . I knew she would like it .
Then came the cake . Clifford was surprised . He was even more surprised ...
when his family popped out !
He had n't seen his mother and father and sisters and brother for a long time .
Clifford liked the presents his friends gave him , but having his family and friends with him was the best birthday present of all .

I 'm Emily Elizabeth , and this is my dog . His name is Clifford .
We live in a small town now , but we were both born in the city .
One day we went back to visit our old home in the city .
Clifford had n't seen his mother since he was a tiny puppy . She hardly knew him .
She still treated him like a puppy . She checked his teeth .
And she looked at his ears to see if he had been washing them .
The man told us where Clifford 's brother and sisters lived . We went to find them .
Clifford 's sister , Claudia , lived nearby . She was taking her owner for a walk .
We went to the park with them . A taxi was blocking the crosswalk . TAXI
Clifford took care of that . TAXI
Next we found his brother , Nero . Nero was a rescue dog at a fire station .
While we were there , the alarm rang . We followed the fire truck . Nero rushed into the building .
DELI BODEGA
Clifford helped him . BODEGA
BODEGA Nero was very brave .
Then we set off to the country . Clifford 's other sister , Bonnie was a farm dog .
One of Bonnie 's jobs was to herd sheep into their pen .
Clifford wanted to do some farm work too . He started to drive the cows toward the barn .
One of the cows was a bull , and bulls do n't like the color red .
Clifford was n't scared - he was smart . He did n't want to hurt the bull , so he jumped out of the way . When Clifford jumps , he really jumps !
We had one more place to visit . It was Clifford 's father 's home in a town nearby .
The house was small , and there were a lot of kids playing in the yard .
Clifford 's father did n't have a collar , or a dog dish , or a doghouse . But he seemed very happy .
I guess it was the kids . He sure loved kids . He was a lot like Clifford , just a little smaller .
Clifford wished his family could come and live with us . But they all had people who needed them . . . . . . just as I need Clifford , the best dog of all .

Hi ! I 'm Emily Elizabeth , and I love spring . So does my dog , Clifford .
The best part of springtime is Easter .
Last spring Mom and Dad brought us a lot of eggs to color for the big Easter egg hunt .
On the day before Easter , I dyed the eggs . Clifford wanted to help . Poor Clifford . He was n't very good at painting eggs .
So Clifford helped by watching me decorate the eggs . He 's a good watcher .
When I went to bed that night , I fell asleep dreaming about Easter eggs .
It was a beautiful dream . Clifford was stirring a giant tub of dye while I toss din the eggs .
But then Clifford lost his balance ! He tumbled into the tub of dye .
Something surprising began to happen … .
Suddenly Clifford was bright green !
It was just like St. Patricks Day .
Then he turned sunshine yellow ! This was becoming a very strange dream .
I grabbed a brush and began to dab on purple polka dots . Clifford looked good in polka dots , but -
- they did n't last long . The purple dots turned into squares , and Clifford looked like … .
.a giant checkerboard ! I did n't like that . I threw on some more dye .
Clifford started to change colors again .
Now we has red , white , and blue !
I always used to wonder if a dreamed in color . Now I know .
This was too much .
I tried to scrub the dye off Clifford . I was getting frantic
then I woke up . It was Easter morning , and the sun was shining .
I ran out to see Clifford . Thank goodness he looked just the same as always . Good old Clifford .
We joined my friends and set off on the Easter egg hunt .
We looked high .
We looked low .
Clifford look in places I would not have thought of .
No hiding place was missed .
Sometimes Clifford went a little too far .
His hard work helped . We ended up with heaps of eggs ...
which we shared with our friends . After all , friends are what make Easter a happy day .

Hic - hic - HICCUP ! Emily Elizabeth sat up in bed . " What 's that sound ? " she wondered .
Hic - hic - HICCUP ! Up popped the teddy bear . Up popped the doll . And up popped Emily Elizabeth . Clifford had the hiccups !
Emily Elizabeth went down to breakfast . Hic - Hic - HICCUP ! Up popped the plates and cups . Up popped the orange juice- right onto Mr. Howard 's head !
" Maybe the vet can help Clifford , " said Mrs. Howard .
Dr. Dihn checked Clifford 's breathing .
Hic - Hic - HICCUP !
" Clifford just has a case of the hiccups , " Dr. Dihn said . " Sooner or later , they will go away . "
Outside the doctor 's office , Clifford saw his friends T - Bone and Mac . Hic - hic - HICCUP !
" I know how to make Clifford 's hiccups go away , " T - Bone said to Mac . " I 'll give him a little scare . '
BOO !
But Clifford 's hiccups did not go away . HICCUP !
" I know how to make your hiccups go away , " Mac said to Clifford . " Follow me ! "
Mac led Clifford to a kiddie pool . " Shut your eyes , hold your ears , then turn upside down , and DRINK ! " said Mac .
So Clifford shut his eyes , held his ears , turned upside down , and DRANK when ...
" Boo ! " T - Bone jumped out of the pool !
And Clifford 's hiccups stopped ! " I did it ! " said T - Bone . " I did it ! " said Mac .
Hic - hic - HICCUP ! T - Bone and Mac were very disappointed . " We really wanted to help , " said T - Bone .
" You did help , " said Clifford . " You did n't make my hiccups go away , but I feel good because you tried so hard . "
Just then , Emily Elizabeth came by , " How are your hiccups ? " she asked .
Everyone listened . Then they listened some more .
Clifford 's hiccups were finally gone !

The Howard family loved their little red puppy . But Clifford was making mischief . Clifford tried to run away in the park . Then Clifford sneaked food from the table .
Clifford knocked over the trash can and chewed up Mr. Howard 's best shoes ! Emily Elizabeth told Clifford , " You need to go to puppy school ! "
Clifford was worried at first , but puppy school was fun ! When the puppy trainer told Clifford to sit , Clifford rolled around on his back .
" Down , " the puppy trainer said to Clifford . But Clifford tore up the grass .
" Come , " the puppy trainer called to Clifford . He chased a butterfly instead . Clifford was not a very good student .
" Clifford needs practice , " Mr. Howard explained to Emily Elizabeth . " Can you help him ? " " Will I have time to learn my words for the spelling bee
" Many of your spelling words are the same commands Clifford has to learn , " Mrs. Howard said , holding up one of Emily Elizabeth 's flash cards . " Maybe you and Clifford could help each other . " " That 's a great idea ! " Emily Elizabeth said .
" Okay , Clifford . " You are going to graduate from puppy school . And I am going to win my school spelling bee , " Emily Elizabeth said . " but we have to work together ! "
Emily Elizabeth read her first flash card aloud , " Sit . S - I - T. " Then she showed Clifford how to sit . And he sat . " Good boy , Clifford , " Emily Elizabeth said .
Emily Elizabeth read another flash card , " Down . D - O - W - N. " Then she showed Clifford how to lie down . And he did it .
" Great job ! " Emily Elizabeth shouted .
This time , when the puppy trainer told Clifford to sit , he sat right at her feet . When the puppy trainer said , " Down , " Clifford lay down on his belly .
Clifford looked at Emily Elizabeth and wagged his tail . He would graduate from puppy school after all !
Emily Elizabeth was so proud of Clifford , but she was still nervous about her spelling bee . She did n't need to worry . With Clifford 's help , she had learned all her words and won !
" Thank you Clifford . I could n't have done it without you , " Emily Elizabeth whispered . Clifford licked her nose and thought the same thing .

We were all sitting around the big kitchen table . It was Saturday morning . Pancake morning . Mom was squeezing oranges for juice . Henry and I were betting on how many pancakes we each could eat . And Grandpa was doing the flipping .
Seconds later , something flew through the air headed toward the kitchen ceiling . . .
. . . and landed right on Henry . After we realized that the flying object was only a pancake , we all laughed , even Grandpa . Breakfast continued quite uneventfully . All the other pancakes landed in the pan . And all of them were eaten , even the one that landed on Henry .
That night , touched off by the pancake incident at breakfast , Grandpa told us the best tall - tale bedtime story he 'd ever told . " Across an ocean , over lots of huge bumpy mountains , across three hot deserts , and one smaller ocean . . .
. . . there lay the tiny town of Chewandswallow .
In most ways , it was very much like any other tiny town . It had a Main Street lined with stores , houses with trees and gardens around them , a schoolhouse , about three hundred people , and some assorted cats and dogs .
But there were no food stores in the town of Chewandswallow . They did n't need any . The sky supplied all the food they could possibly want . The only thing that was really different about Chewandswallow was its weather . It came three times a day , at breakfast , lunch , and dinner . Everything that everyone ate came from the sky .
Whatever the weather served , that was what they ate . But it never rained rain . It never snowed snow . And it never blew just wind . It rained things like soup and juice . It snowed mashed potatoes and green peas . And sometimes the wind blew in storms of hamburgers .
The people could watch the weather report on television in the morning and they would even hear a prediction for the next day 's food .
CLOUDY
MEATBALLS
SOUP
When the townspeople went outside , they carried their plates , cups , glasses , forks , spoons , knives and napkins with them . That way they would always be prepared for any kind of weather . If there were leftovers , and there usually were , the people took them home and put them in their refrigerators in case they got hungry between meals .
GAME CALLED ON ACCOUNT OF PIE
TAXI
The menu varied . By the time they woke up in the morning , breakfast was coming down . After a brief shower of orange juice , low clouds of sunny - side up eggs moved in followed by pieces of toast . Butter and jelly sprinkled down for the toast . And most of the time it rained milk afterwards .
For lunch one day , frankfurters , already in their rolls , blew in from the northwest at about five miles an hour . There were mustard clouds nearby . Then the wind shifted to the east and brought in baked beans . A drizzle of soda finished off the meal .
NO DOGS ALLOWED
RALPH 'S ROOFLESS RESTAURANT
No Cover
No Minimum
Always Open
Dinner one night consisted of a lamb chops , becoming heavy at times , with occasional ketchup . Periods of peas and baked potatoes were followed by gradual clearing , with a wonderful Jell - O setting in the west .
The Sanitation Department of Chewandswallow had a rather unusual job for a sanitation department . It had to remove the food that fell on the houses and sidewalks and lawns . The workers cleaned things up after every meal and fed all the dogs and cats . They emptied some of it into the surrounding oceans for the fish and turtles and whales to eat . The rest of the food was put back into the earth so that the soil would be richer for the people 's flower gardens .
THE SANITATION DEPARTMENT OF CHEWANDSWALLOW
Life for the townspeople was delicious until the weather took a turn for the worst .
The Chewandswallow Digest
SPAGHETTI TIES UP TOWN !
RECORD - BREAKING PASTA FALL CAUSES CHAOS
Traffic snarled on Lower Intestine Street
One day there was nothing but Gorgonzola cheese all day long . The next day there was only broccoli , all overcooked . And the next day there were brussel sprouts and peanut butter with mayonnaise . Another day there was a pea soup fog . No one could see where they were going and they could barely find the rest of the meal that got stuck in the fog .
BUS STop Go GLO PAINTS Yes , We 're OPEN PUSH SLAMCO LOCKS AUTHORIZED CONEX DEALER PAINT IT 'S FIX UP TIME Conex means quality ! GET THE RIGHT TOOL FOR THE JOB ! Gigi 's FASHION FROCKS
BURP 'S GINGER ALE
HAPPY BIRTHDAY FLOYD
The food was getting larger and larger , and so were the portions . The people were getting frightened . Violent storms blew up frequently . Awful things were happening . One Tuesday there was a hurricane of bread and rolls all day long and into the night . There were soft rolls and hard rolls , some with seeds and some without . There was white bread and rye and whole wheat toast . Most of it was larger than they had ever seen bread and rolls before . It was a terrible day . Everyone had to stay indoors . Roofs were damaged , and the Sanitation Department was beside itself . The mess took the workers four days to clean up , and the sea was full of floating rolls . To help out , the people piled up as much bread as they could in their backyards . The birds picked at it a bit , but it just stayed there and got staler and staler .
There was a storm of pancakes one morning and a downpour of maple syrup that nearly flooded the town . A huge pancake covered the school . No one could get it off because of its weight , so they had to close the school .
BIG TOW
Lunch one day brought fifteen - inch drifts of cream cheese and jelly sandwiches . Everyone ate themselves sick and the day ended with a stomachache .
BOOK CARDS kosykorner BELLY BOULEVARD MEAT STREET VOTE FOR ANNE CHOVIE MAYOR VOTE FOR STU POTT PEARL BARLEY in concert Gigi 's FASHION FROCKS AS TIME GOES BUY ANTIQU
There was an awful salt and pepper wind accompanied by an even worse tomato tornado . People were sneezing themselves silly and running to avoid the tomatoes . The town was a mess . There were seeds and pulp everywhere .
GONE WITH THE WIND
QUEEN OF GALWAY
MOTEL
The Sanitation Department gave up . The job was too big . Everyone feared for their lives . They could n't go outside most of the time . Many houses had been badly damaged by giant meatballs , stores were boarded up and there was no more school for the children .
LAUNDA - BRITE CLOSED DUE TO HEAVY FOOD
flowers by Bernie florist
Du - Art HAIRSTYLISTS
Mr. Gerry is back with us !
So a decision was made to abandon the town of Chewandswallow . It was a matter of survival .
TV REPAIR
The people glued together the giant pieces of stale bread sandwich - style with peanut butter . . .
. . . took the absolute necessities with them , and set sail on their rafts for a new land .
Gigi 's FASHION FROCKS
After being afloat for a week , they finally reached a small coastal town , which welcomed them . The bread had held up surprisingly well , well enough for them to build temporary houses for themselves out of it .
The children began school again , and the adults all tried to find places for themselves in the new land . The biggest change they had to make was getting used to buying food at a supermarket . They found it odd that food was kept on shelves , packaged in boxes , cans and bottles . Meat that had to be cooked was kept in large refrigerators . Nothing came down from the sky except rain and snow . The clouds above their heads were not made of fried eggs . No one ever got hit by a hamburger again . And nobody dared to go back to Chewandswallow to find out what had happened to it . They were too afraid . " Henry and I were awake until the very end of Grandpa 's story . I remember his goodnight kiss .
The next morning we woke up to see snow falling outside our window . We ran downstairs for breakfast and ate it a little faster than usual so we could go sledding with Grandpa .
It 's funny , but even as we were sliding down the hill we thought we saw a giant pat of butter at the top , and we could almost smell mashed potatoes .
The End

Clumsy Duck was very clumsy . She had just fallen over …  again ! Not a day went by without her stumbling , tripping , or falling . It was very frustrating !
" Hi there ! " said Chick . " Did you fall down ? " " Yes , " said Clumsy Duck , " I did . why do I have to be so clumsy ? " " Do n't worry , " said Chick . " Let 's go for a walk together . "
Duck and Chick went up the hill - twice ! The first tie , Clumsy Duck tripped over a stone .
The second time , Clumsy Duck bumped into a tree . Finally they reached the top of the hill . " What a wonderful view , " said Clumsy Duck .
They set off along the muddy path . Then , with a slip , squidge , splat , Clumsy Duck splashed down in the mud !
" Oh , Quack ! " said Clumsy Duck . Chick could n't help a little chuckle . " Come on , " he said gently . " Let 's go to the pond and get you cleaned up ! "
Clumsy Duck was worried . Were her feet really that enormous ? Was there anything she could do ? Clumsy Duck and chick waddled and hopped along , not saying a word .
" Wow ! " said Chick . " Look at your footprints . They 're enormous ! No wonder you;re falling over all the time . "
When they reached the pond , Clumsy Duck asked , " Why are my feet so big ? "
" I do n't know , " answered Chick , " but I 'm sure there 's a good reason . Let 's try and find out . "
" Hmmm , " mumbled Chick , " maybe you can run really fast . Come on , catch me . " Clumsy Duck chased after him .
She could waddle a lot faster than she thought . Until - Flump ! " Never mind , " said Chick . Let 's try something else .
" Your big feet might be good for perching on a branch , " said Chick . Chick showed Duck how it was done . Clumsy Duck jumped up too . But her feet could n't get a grip . Poor Clumsy Duck fell off . " Never Mind , " said Chick . " let 's try something else . "
" Maybe your feet are good for hopping ? " said chick . Chick was good at hopping and hopped onto a large flat stone next to the pond . " Copy me , Duck ! "
But Clumsy Duck was not good at hopping ! She tripped , slipped , and then splashed into   the pond .
Chick stared at Clumsy Duck in amazement . " Look at you ! " squealed chick . " You 're the fastest , besets , most elegant simmer I 've ever seen . "
And it was true . Clumsy Duck was not clumsy in the pond . She moved across the water like a ballerina .
" That 's it , Duck ! " cried Chick . " Your feet are perfect for whamming ! If i could swim like you , I would n't mind being clumsy on land ! "
And from that day on , Duck did n't mind one little bit that she was a clumsy duck on land because she was such a wonderful swimmer in the water !

Early in the morning as the sun begins to rise , the pigs are feeling hungry and they 're snorting in their sties . The rooster wakes the farm up with a cock - a - doodle - doo ! The sheepdog wo n't stop barking , and the cows begin to moo . There 's a stomping in the stables and there 's bleating in the barn , so let 's climb aboard the tractor and explore this noisy farm .
Rooster cock - a - doodle - doo ! Cock - a - doodle - doo ! I 'm the rockin ' rooster , baby , tell me , who are you ? cock - a - doodle - doo !
Chickens We chickens are covered with feathers all over our wings and out legs , so of course we could fly if we wanted to try but we 're too busy laying these eggs .
Cow Sometimes I moo while I 'm chewing I hope you do n't think that it 's rude , but mooing and chewing are what I like doing . Do you moo when you chew your food ? mooooo !
Sheep dog I am the farmer 's old sheepdog , his faithful and loyal best friend . I 've been by his side from the day I was born and I 'll stay with him right to the end .
Barnyard Cat Hello , I 'm the big barnyard kitty I sleep in the shade of the house but I always keep one eye half open to spot every passing plump mouse . yikes !
Pigs I love taking care of my piglets and watching them wriggle and squeal . They clamber all over each other all day to snuffle around for a meal . wriggle wriggle
snuffle snuffle
Donkey It 's wonderful being a donkey , I simply spend hours and hours just wandering around on the soft grassy ground sniffing the sweet - smelling flowers . sniff sniff
Turkey I 've got these funny , floppy things that hang down from my neck , they dangle when I gobble and they wobble when I peck . gobble gobble
cackle ! squawk ! cackle ! squawk !
Geese We waddle about in the barnyard and make so much noise when we talk that wandering goslings rush out of our way as we babble and cackle and squawk .
Sheep I 've got gorgeous fluffy fleece which makes me very proud , so I skip around my meadow make - believing I 'm a cloud . skip skip
Goat I sometimes hang out by the sheep - pen chuckling into my beard . Sheep often think that they 're better than us but goats never need to get sheared ! chuckle ! chuckle !
clippety clop !
Horse There 's nothing like hay when you 're hungry , I 'm happy to munch a whole bale , but sometimes I stop for a clippety - clop or to flick a few flies with my tail .
Bull I love to snort steam from my nostrils , it makes me look angry and tough , and then I start scraping my hoof on the ground if that is n't scary enough .
snort snort
Fox I wait in the woods until nightfall , then down to the barnyard I creep , because nothing looks quite as delicious as chickens who 've fallen asleep . creep ! creep !
Owl I always hunt at nighttime and I sleep throughout the day . " Ter - wit , ter - woo , " you 'll hear me cry , out searching for my prey . ter - wit ter - woo
Now it 's nighttime in the barnyard and the moon is shining bright , it 's time to leave the animals and wave them all goodnight . The cows are feeling sleepy so they settle on the ground , it wo n't be very long now till they 're sleeping safe and sound . The horse is in his stable and the hens are in their shed , but the sheepdog 's fallen fast asleep inside the farmer 's bed !

Fall is a season of change . Summer ends and school begins . Days get shorter , and the air turns cooler . Leaves drop from trees . Animals get ready for winter . Many fall changes include color changes too . Let 's take a look at the colors of fall .
School is starting ! Climb on your yellow bus and say hi to your driver . The same color covers school buses all over the United States and Canada . This color was chosen back in 1939 . Its official name is " National School Bus Glossy Yellow . "
Have you eaten a juicy red apple today ? More than 2,500 kinds of apples grow in the United States . Red Delicious is one of the most popular kinds . Each fall , growers pick apples by hand . Fresh apples appear at the store , in your kitchen , and maybe in your lunch .
The blue autumn sky is cold and crisp . If you hear honking overhead , look up . Canada geese make a dark V against the sky . They are flying south for winter . When they 're in a hurry , Canada geese can fly 1,500 miles ( 2,400 kilometers in a single day .
Many flowers dry up and turn brown as days grow shorter and cooler . But not these purple mums ! Chrysanthemums bloom from late summer into fall . They grown in other colors too , like deep red , gold , and bronze .
Fall means football . Hike ! The quarterback has the brown football . Will he pass it , run with it , or hand it to another player ? He wants to move the ball down the field and score a touchdown . Just do n't drop it !
All summer , sunshine and green chlorophyll in leaves help trees make their own food . When the days grow shorter , trees stop making food . The chlorophyll fades away . Then the gorgeous gold and brilliant orange colors that were underneath can show through .
What is an orange pumpkin with a face carved into it ? A jack - o'-lantern ! In ancient Ireland , people used to carve turnips , beets , and potatoes . Irish settlers in the United States found that pumpkins worked even better .
Caw ! Caw ! Have you seen crows on the bare fall branches ? Some inky black crows fly south for the winter . But they do n't fly in neat Vs . They fill the skies in noisy groups of hundreds or even thousands of crows .
What 's that pink thing ? It 's called a wattle . It makes male turkeys look good to females - really ! Wild turkeys spend most of their time on the ground . If they need to escape predators , they can fly short distances . In the fall you 'll probably see a turkey on your Thanksgiving plate .
The morning after a chilly night , you might find frosty white patterns outside . During fall nights , moisture in the air freezes and sticks to things like windows ! Sometimes frost looks like feathers . What else can it look like ?
Farmers harvest crops like corn and wheat in the fall . They use machines like this dark green combine to gather the golden corn plants . A combine can pick just the ears of corn and then remove the husks . It even takes the corn kernels off each ear !
Gray squirrels scamper around all fall . They hunt for acorns and berries to hid . In winter they will need the food . Squirrels do n't remember their hiding spots . But they have a great sense of smell . They sniff out their stored treats , even once snow covers them .
The autumn equinox brings shorter days and longer nights . Nightfall arrives earlier and earlier . But as the sun sets , the city lights up . Like an artists 's canvas , the world is flooded with color . How many colors do you see ?

More than half of all animal species on Earth are insects . Look at them closely . You 'll see amazing things , like big , round eyes and glow - in - the - dark bellies ! Sharp pincers , see - through wings , hairy legs , and glossy shells . And their colors are out of this world !
Black and yellow bumblebees have an important job . When they land on a flower , powdery pollen sticks to their feet . Bumblebees track the pollen from flower to flower . The pollen helps plants make new plants .
Shiny purple tiger beetles are small but fast . They are .5 inch ( 13 millimeters ) long . They can run 54 times their body length in just one second ! No person can run 54 times his body length in one second . Not even close !
Farmers love red and black ladybugs . These hungry beetles eat bugs that eat crops . Scientists believe their bright colors warn animals that ladybugs taste awful . Ladybugs also leak bad - tasting juice from their legs . Eeeww ! What other bug would want to taste that ?
The brown water scorpion is a true bug , not a scorpion . To breathe while swimming , it sticks its long , skinny snorkel up to the surface and takes in air . Water scorpions spear small fish and animals with their sharp front legs . Those legs are so sharp they can even stab human toes !
This blue morpho butterfly is n't really blue . Its wings have brown , not blue , pigment . But tiny scales on the wings reflect light . That makes the wings look blue . Armies are studying morpho butterflies . They hope to learn how to make better camouflage for soldiers .
Big black dung beetles eat one thing- poop . Dung is another word for poop . Most dung beetles shape brown dung into a large ball . Then they bury it for a tasty treat later . Some dung beetles can grow more than 6 inches ( 15 centimeters ) long !
Guess which plant the lily beetle loves ? That 's right- lilies ! This red - orange bug used to live only in Europe or northern Africa . It came to North America in the 1940s .
Have you seen a pink bug ? Most long - winged katydids sport green bodies . But , surprise ! Sometimes they are tan or pink . Katydids scrape their wings together to make music . Part of their bug song is too high - pitched for humans to hear .
What is this bug doing ? Some people think it looks like it 's praying . That 's why it 's called a praying mantis . It has a cool , green , leafy - looking body . That helps it hide while it hunts moths , grasshoppers , and other insects . It will even eat other praying mantids !
Monarch butterflies sport flashy orange and black wings . Those bright wings warn birds that monarchs taste icky . Monarchs fly south to Mexico and southern California every winter . They flutter up to 3,000 miles ( 4,828 kilometers ) . That 's longer than any other butterfly migration !
Tiny whiteflies are only 1/16 inch ( 1.5 mm ) long . In fact , 12 whiteflies could stand end - to - end across a single penny . But these tiny bugs can do lots of harm to plants . Little nibbles really add up !
This gorgeous blue damselfly looks a lot like a dragonfly . But see how its wings lie close to its body while it rests ? A dragonfly 's wings almost always stick out sideways .
This big , beautiful elephant hawk moth is tan and pink . Its wingspan is between 2.4 and 3 inches ( 60 and 75 mm ) . That 's not quite as big as an elephant , but it 's pretty big ! This moth drinks flower nectar at night .
Glossary camouflage- coloring or clothing that makes something look like its surroundings . migration- the act of to traveling from one area to another on a regular basis . nectar- a sweet liquid found in many flower . pigment- a substance that gives color to something . pincer- a body part that an animal uses to hold and pinch something . pollen- tiny yellow grains that flowers create to make new plants . scale- a hard , protective body covering for fish and reptiles . snorkel- a tube used when swimming underwater . species- a group of animals with similar features . true bug- a bug that has a hardened pair of wings and a mouth that is hard like a beak

Commotion in the Ocean . There 's a curious commotion At the bottom of the ocean . I think we ought to go and take a look . You 'll find every sort of creature That lives beneath the sea Swimming through the pages of this book . There are dolphins , whales , and penguins , There are jellyfish and sharks , There 's the turtle and the big white polar bear . But can you see behind the wrecks And in between the rocks ? Let 's take a look and find who 's hiding there . . . .
Crab . The crab likes walking sideways And I think the reason why Is to make himself look sneaky And pretend that he 's a spy .
Turtles . We crawl up the beach from the water To bury our eggs on dry land . We lay a whole batch , And then when they hatch , They scamper about in the sand . pitter patter . pitter patter .
squeak squeak . click click .
Dolphins . The wonderful thing about dolphins Is hearing them trying to speak . It 's not " How do you do ? " As I 'd say to you . It 's more of a " Click - whistle - squeak ! " Whistle . Click .
Angel fish . Hello , I 'm the angelfish , darling , The prettiest thing in the sea , What a shame there are no other creatures As gorgeous and lovely as me !
Jellyfish . The jellyfish just loves to jiggle Which other fish think is quite dumb . She knows that it 's not all that useful But jiggling 's lots of good fun . Jiggle jiggle jiggle .
Shark . I swim with a grin up to greet you , See how my jaws open wide . Why do n't you come a bit closer ? Please , take a good look inside . . . .
yikes !
Swordfish . I love to chase after small fishes , It keeps me from getting too bored . And then when I start feeling hungry , I skewer a few on my sword . Tickle tickle .
Octopus . Having eight arms can be useful , You may think it looks a bit funny , But it helps me to hold all my children And tickle each one on the tummy . tee hee !
bzzz bzzz . Stingray . At the bottom of the ocean The stingray flaps his wings . But do n't you get too close to him , His tail really stings !
Lobster . Never shake hands with a lobster . It is n't a wise thing to do . With a clippety - clap And a snippety - snap , He would snip all your fingers in two . Snippety snap Clippety clap .
Deep Sea . Miles below the surface Where the water 's dark and deep , Live the most amazing creatures That you could ever meet . There are fish of all descriptions , Of every shape and size . Some have giant pointy teeth And great big bulging eyes . Some of them can walk around And balance on their fins . But the strangest fish of all Have flowing whiskers on their chins !
Blue Whale . There 's no other beast on the planet As big as the giant blue whale . He measures a massive one hundred feet long From his head to the tip of his tail .
Whoosh ! We 're just a bunch of barnacles and all we do is cling . We know it 's not that glamorous , but it 's our favorite thing ! Barnacles
Walruses . Our bodies are covered with blubber And our tusks are incredibly long . We 're grumpy and proud And we bellow out loud To show that we 're mighty and strong . Uuurggh .
Wheeee ! splash . splash . splash . Penguins . We waddle around on our icebergs , Which makes our feet slither and slide . And when we get close to the water , We leap with a splash off the side .
Polar Bears . Deep out in the Arctic The mommy polar bear Snuggles up with all her children Since it 's very cold out there .
What a lot of creatures We have seen beneath the sea , What a lot of funny things they do . Some of them might lick their lips And eat you in one bite , And some might want to swim around with you . The dolphin 's very friendly And the lobster 's very fierce , But the shark is the most dangerous by far . Can you name the other friends we 've made along the way ? See if you can tell me who they are .

Tinka is a fun dog , a sun dog , a run - and - run - and - run dog .
A joy dog , a boy 's dog , a chews - a - brand - new - toy dog .
A sigh dog , a cry dog , a has - to - say - good - bye dog .
Tinka is a groan dog , a moan dog , a hates - to - be - alone dog .
-9 A peek dog , a sneak dog , a spring - and - spring - and - streak dog .
-11 Tinka is a cool dog , a school dog , a breaking - all - the - rules dog .
-13 A hall dog , a ball dog , a crash - into - the - wall god .
A vroom dog , a boom dog , a messing - up - the - room dog .
Tinka is a bad dog , a sad dog , a makes - our - teacher - mad dog !
A " hey ! " dog , a " stay " dog , a has - to - go - away dog .
A plead dog , a need dog , a come - help - us - to - read dog .
Tinka is a sweet dog , a treat dog , a - sitting - in - her - seat dog .
A look dog , a nook dog , a loves - to - hear - a - book dog .
-28 A yay dog , hooray dog , a please - come - every - day dog !

This fish looks like a horse .   Hello , copycat !
This bug looks like a giraffe .   Hello , copycat !
This squirrel looks like a fox .   Hello , copycat !
This spider looks like a crab .   Hello , copycat !
This seal looks like an elephant .   Hello , copycat !
This butterfly looks like a zebra .   Hello , copycat !
This rat looks like a kangaroo .   Good - bye , copycat !

One sunny Saturday afternoon , Lisa and her mother were riding the bus home from a shopping trip . Corduroy sat comfortably on Lisa 's lap as the bus bumped along . She held on to him so he would n't fall . Lisa took very good care of Corduroy . He looked out the window while Lisa and her mother talked about Lisa 's birthday .
Corduroy 's ears perked right up . " Lisa is having a birthday and I do n't have a present for her ! " he said to himself . He looked out the window at all the stores . " I wonder what she would like , " he thought .
They all got off the bus at the next stop . Lisa 's mother rode the elevator up to their apartment , but Corduroy and Lisa liked to run up the stairs two at a time to see if they could get there first .
That night Corduroy lay awake long after Lisa fell asleep . He was worried about her present . " I need to find something special , " he decided .
Very early the next morning , Corduroy slipped out of bed , tiptoed out of Lisa 's room , and crept through the apartment . He opened the front door and stepped into the hallway .
Just then , the elevator doors opened . " Maybe I 'll find something for Lisa in here , " said Corduroy as he looked in .
Corduroy looked at the buttons on the wall . Each button had a number on it . " This is like a game ! " Corduroy said . " Lisa might like a game for her birthday . " Corduroy climbed up on the stool and pressed a button .
All at once , the doors closed and the elevator began to move up . " This is like a rocket ship , " thought Corduroy . " Maybe Lisa would like to ride in a rocket ship for her birthday ! " Corduroy pressed more buttons . Down and up , up and down he went .
Finally the elevator came to a stop . When the doors opened , Corduroy stepped out into the lobby .
Peeking out over the roof of the building across the street , Corduroy saw just what he was looking for .
" It 's the biggest , prettiest balloon I ever saw , " thought Corduroy . " This is what I want to give Lisa for her birthday ! "
Corduroy had never before been outside when it was still dark . The familiar neighborhood looked very different . And where was Lisa 's balloon ? Then he saw it at the end of the street . " It 's getting away ! " cried Corduroy . He ran as fast as he could catch it .
Before he had gone very far , he saw a big brown dog . " Maybe Lisa would like a pet for her birthday , " thought Corduroy . " Hello , " he said to the dog . " Arrrf , " barked the dog , and it picked him up by the overalls and carried him down the street .
Just when they got to the corner , a big noisy truck slowed down , and someone threw a tall stack of newspapers onto the sidewalk . The dog was so surprised that he dropped Corduroy on top of the papers .
That is where Mr. Gonzales , the owner of the newsstand , found Corduroy sitting all by himself . " Where in the world did you come from , mi amigo ? "
He put Corduroy up on a shelf . " I think someone must have dropped you . You look like a very special bear and I bet they will be back for you . Until then , you can help me sell my papers . "
From up on the shelf , Corduroy could see everything that was going on . As people bought paper , Corduroy smiled shyly at them . " This must be a job ! " said Corduroy . " I 've always wanted a job ! "
A woman stopped in front of the newsstand . " How much for the bear ? " she asked . " Sorry , senora , this bear is not for sale . He is lost and is waiting to be found , " said Mr. Gonzales .
LOST ? Corduroy had never wanted to be lost ! He thought about Lisa . He knew that she would be worried about him . Then Corduroy remembered the balloon . He had forgotten all about it . Where was it ?
Corduroy looked up and down the street . It was n't as dark anymore . But he did n't see the beautiful balloon anywhere .
Now he was sad and sleepy . He wanted to be home with Lisa . Corduroy fell asleep thinking about balloons and home .
He was just waking up when he heard a familiar voice .
A very worried Lisa was asking Mr. Gonzales if she could put up a sign she made for her lost bear . " This is a very good picture , senorita , " said Mr. Gonzales .
" But you wo n't need this sign ; your bear is here with me . " Mr. Gonzales took Corduroy down form the shelf and gave him a lollipop . It looked just like the balloon he had wanted to give Lisa !
" Muchas gracias , senor , " said Lisa . " Thank you for helping me , Corduroy , " said Mr. Gonzales . " Adios . "
Corduroy and Lisa were so happy they ran all the way home and up the stairs , two at a time . " Corduroy , I was so worried about you ! " said Lisa . " The only thing I wanted for my birthday was to have my best friend back home with me ! "
Lisa gave Corduroy a big hug . " That 's exactly what I wanted , too ! " thought Corduroy , and he gave Lisa a birthday hug right back .

Corduroy is a bear who once lived in the toy department of a big store . Day after day he waited with all the other animals and dolls for somebody to come along and take him home .
The Store was always filled with shoppers buying all sorts of things , but no one ever seemed to want a small bear in green overalls .
Then one morning a little girl stopped and looked straight into Corduroy 's bright eyes . " Oh , Mommy ! " she said . " Look ! There 's the very bear I 've always wanted . " " Not today , dear . " Her mother sighed . " I 've spent too much already . Besides , he does n't look new . He 's lost the button to one of his shoulder straps .
Corduroy watched them sadly as they walked away .
" I did n't know I 'd lost a button , " he said to himself . " Tonight I 'll go and see if I can find it . "
Late that evening , when all the shoppers had gone and the doors were shut and locked , Corduroy climbed carefully down his shelf
and began searching everywhere on the floor for his lost button .
Suddenly he felt the floor moving under him ! Quite by accident he stepped onto an escalator - and up he went !
" Could this be a mountain ? " he wondered . " I think I 've always wanted to climb a mountain . "
He stepped off the escalator as it reached the next floor , and there , before his eyes , was a most amazing sight-
tables and chairs and lamps and sofas , and rows and rows of beds . " This must be a palace ! " Corduroy gasped . " I guess I 've always wanted to live in a palace . "
He wandered around admiring the furniture . " This must be a bed , " he said . " I 've always wanted to sleep in a bed . " And up he crawled onto a large , thick mattress .
All at once he saw something small and round . " Why , here 's my button ! " he cried . And he tried to pick it up . But , like all the other buttons on the mattress , it was tied down tight .
He yanked and pulled with both paws until POP ! Off came the button - and off the mattress Corduroy toppled ,
bang into a tall floor lamp . Over it fell with a crash !
Corduroy did n't know it , but there was someone else awake in the store . The night watchman was going his rounds on the floor above . When he heard the crash he came dashing down the escalator .
" Now who in the world did that ! " he explained . " Somebody must be hiding around here ! "
He flashed his light under and over sofas and beds until he came to the biggest bed of all . And there he saw two fuzzy brown ears sticking up from under the cover .
" Hello ! " he said . " How did you get upstairs ? "
The watchman tucked Corduroy under his arm and carried him down the escalator
and set him on the shelf in the toy department with the other animals and dolls .
Corduroy was just waking up when the first customers came into the store in the morning . And there , looking at him with a wide , warm smile , was the same little girl he 'd seen only the day before .
" I 'm Lisa , " she said , " and you 're going to be my very own bear . Last night I counted what I 've saved in my piggy bank and my mother said I could bring you home . "
" Shall I put him in a box for you ? " the saleslady asked . " Oh , no thank you , " Lisa answered . And she carried Corduroy home in her arms .
She ran all the way up four flights of stairs , into her family 's apartment , and straight to her own room .
Corduroy blinked . There was a chair and a chest of drawers , and alongside a girl - size bed stood a little bed just the right size for him . The room was small , nothing like that enormous palace in the department store . " This must be home , " he said . " I know I 've always wanted a home ! "
Lisa sat down with Corduroy on her lap and began to sew a button on his overalls .
" I like you the way you are , " she said , " but you 'll be more comfortable with your shoulder strap fastened . "
" You must be a friend , " said Corduroy . " I 've always wanted a friend . " " Me too ! " said Lisa , and gave him a big hug .

A penguin is a bird that can swim , but can not fly . King penguins live on islands near the South Pole . It is freezing cold , and bitter winds blow hard across the snow . Imagine if a king penguin came to visit you . What would he do ?
Could a penguin play soccer ? He might think the ball is an egg . He would hide it under his fluffy tummy feathers to keep it warm !
A king penguin carries his egg on his feet to keep it off the ground . Male and female penguins take turns looking after the egg , until it hatches . A baby penguin is called a chick .
What if a penguin went to the swimming pool ? Penguins love to swim , so he would dive right in . He would use his wings like flippers to fly through the water .
Penguins are excellent swimmers . They can swim four times faster than the fastest human swimmers . Penguins can stay underwater for five minutes at a time .
What if a baby penguin came for dinner ? He might try to eat everything ! An adult penguin eats about 50 fish a day , but a chick needs to eat about 200 !
That 's because chicks grow a thick layer of fat to keep them warm in the icy weather .
What if a penguin went bowling ? He would n't be able to throw a ball . He does n't have fingers or hands . He has wings instead .
Who needs a ball anyway ? Penguins love to slide on their tummies along the ice - it 's called tobogganing . Whoosh ! It is much speedier than waddling !
Could a penguin ride a bike ? A penguin would fall off a bike . His legs are too short to reach the pedals ! But he would be zoom - tastic on a scooter .
He could also do cool tricks on a skateboard ! Penguins have wide , webbed feet . They are great at balancing they live on slippery rocks and ice .
What if a penguin went on a picnic ? He would n't need to pack a picnic basket . At lunchtime , he would throw up stinky fish from his tummy and share them with everyone . Yum !
He would n't eat any of your pizza . King penguins love to eat slippery fish and squid .
Could a penguin join a chorus ? He would sound terrible ! Some birds sing beautifully , but not penguins .
Penguins and chicks honk , squawk , and whistle so they can find each other in a crowd . Wonk ! Wonk ! Wonk !
What if a penguin went to the supermarket ? He would feel right at home in the cold aisle . A penguin 's island home is even colder than the inside of a fridge ! Penguins ' bodies are covered in feathers , which work like a thick blanket to keep them warm .
When chicks get cold , they huddle together in big groups called creches .
What if a penguin stayed overnight ? He would n't want to stay in the guest bedroom . Penguins get too lonely by themselves .
In some places , one million penguins live together in a big group called a colony . A penguin would n't need a bed or a sleeping bag . Penguins sleep standing up , with their beaks tucked under their wings .
More about penguins : King Penguin is pointing to the places where he lives . Can you see where you live ?
Fact file : there are 17 different types of penguin . The largest ones are emperor penguins . King penguins are the second largest . Penguins have black and white waterproof feathers . Most penguins live in cold places , but some types live in places where the weather is warm , such as South Africa .
Greetings from Antarctica ! Post Card : I am back home now , on my snow - covered island near the South Pole . It 's lovely and cold , and I can spend all day diving into the sea . I had yummy fish for breakfast , lunch , and dinner yesterday - and it 's great to be back with my family ! See you soon . Love , King Penguin

A great white shark
is a huge , meat - eating fish . He swims through the world 's oceans , hunting other animals to eat . Imagine if a great white shark came to stay . What do you think would happen ?
What if a shark went to a water park ? It would be his idea of a great day out !
Sharks are just the right shape for speeding through water - or zooooming down slides ! Sharks are fish , so they have gills to help them breathe underwater .
What if a shark went to the dentist ?
He would be there a long time . Great white sharks have nearly 240 teeth ! He would n't need a filling . Sharks lose teeth all the time but they keep growing new ones .
How would a shark get to school ? He is far too big to squeeze inside a car , so you could strap him to the roof !
Great white sharks can grow up to 20 feet long . That 's about the length of most cars ! Even a newborn great white shark is bigger than you !
What if a shark had a party ? He would have a barbecue because sharks looooooove to eat meat !
In the sea , great white sharks eat seals and fish . But at a barbecue , he would eat about 5,000 sausages in one meal . He would n't need to eat again for two weeks !
Could a shark do gymnastics ? Sharks have strong and bendy bodies that are perfect for gymnastics . He could leap high over a bar . Great white sharks jump right out of the water to catch seals , sea lions , and seabirds .
Their awesome leaps can reach more than 8 feet . That 's higher than any human has ever jumped !
Could a shark play tennis ? A shark would be great at ball games . He could use his big fins or powerful tail to hit a ball .
A shark would always know where the ball is because he has super senses . Sharks know when fish are swimming behind or below them , and can even sense their heartbeats !
What if a shark needs to use the bathroom ? His nose would lead the way ?
Sharks have an amazing sense of smell . It helps them find yummy sea creatures nearby .
Could a shark play on a seesaw ? He would need a big seesaw , and lots of children to help balance him . A fully grown great white shark weighs about 4,500 pounds .
That 's the same weight as about 100 children !
Would a shark like to play in the snow ? He would love it ! Great white sharks do n't mind getting chilly because they live in cool oceans .
Whooshing downhill on a sled would be just as much fun as speeding through the sea . Fast sharks can swim almost ten times faster than a human !
More about great white sharks : Great white shark is pointing to the places where he lives . Can you see where you live ?
Fact file : Sharks are a type of fish that live in the ocean . They have rough skin and sharp teeth . There are more than 400 different types of shark . Sharks have been around for 350 million years . That means there were sharks before there were dinosaurs ! The largest sharks in the world are called whale sharks . They grow to be 40 feet long . That 's as big as a bus . Although sharks look scary , very few are dangerous to humans . Most sharks are shy and prefer to stay away from us !
Greetings from Florida ! Post Card : It 's great to be back in my ocean home . I was really missing the deep cold water . As soon as I arrived all the seals and fish disappeared from view - I ca n't imagine why ! Anyway , I 'm feeling a bit hungry so I 'd better go . Catch up with you again sometime . Love , Great White Shark

Blue whales are enormous animals .
They look like fish , but whales are mammals , like us .
Blue whales swim loooooooong distances across the ocean . Imagine if a blue whale came to stay . What would she do ?
What if a blue whale went of vacation ? She would be too big to fit in the airplane ! Blue whales grow to 110 feet long . That 's about the length of an airplane !
Blue whales are also very heavy . They weigh about the same a s 40 elephants . It would take at least 3 jumbo jets to carry the weight of one whale .
Could a whale swim to the Moon ? During its long life , a blue whale can swim about 620,000 miles .
That 's like swimming around the world 20 times . It 's farther than the distance to the Moon and back !
Would a baby blue whale grow as fast as me ? When blue whales are born they weigh 3.3 tons , making them one of the biggest animals on the planet !
In just one day , a baby whale can grow over an inch and gain 200 pounds ! That 's as much as an adult man weighs !
What if blue whale was hungry ? A blue whale can eat 4.5 tons of shrimplike animals called krill every day . That 's the same 20,000 sausages !
Each krill is about the size of jellybean !
What if a blue whale tried synchronized swimming ? She would be a natural ! Blue whales make lots of movements at the water 's surface . They slap the water with their fins ... make a splash
with their tails ... and they can leap out of the water . But they would look silly in a swimming cap !
Would a whale be a good friend ? She would give ...... ENORMOUS
hugs and lots of love . A blue whale is a gentle giant with the biggest heart in the animal world . It 's the size of a small car !
What if a whale threw a party ? She could fill the room with balloons .
Whales breathe in and out through blowholes in their head . One blue whale breath would be enough to blow up ... 250 balloons !
What if a blue whale stayed the night ? She would n't need a toothbrush . Her mouth may be massive , but she has no teeth at all - not even tiny ones !
Instead , she has huge combs made of baleen in her mouth . These sieve tiny krill out of the water . Then the whale gobbles them up .
What if a blue whale tried karaoke ?
Blue whales love to sing . However their voices are so deep that we humans ca n't hear them ! Their songs can be heard by other whales far across the ocean . That makes a blue whale the loudest animal on the planet .
More about blue whale Blue whale is pointing to the places where she lives . Can you see where you live ? FACT FILE There are 85 types of whale , and the blue whale is the biggest of them all .   Some whales , like the blue whale , only feed on tiny animals , but most of them are hunters that eat seals , fish , and squid . A blue whale ca n't swallow anything bigger than a beach ball . Whales sometimes live together in groups called pods . A blue whale 's tongue is about 13 feet long and weights as much as a Asian elephant .
Areas where blue whales live NORTH AMERICA PACIFIC OCEAN SOUTH AMERICA
ARCTIC OCEAN NORTH ATLANTIC OCEAN EUROPE AFRICA SOUTHERN OCEAN ANTARCTICA INDIAN OCEAN AUSTRALIA PACIFIC OCEAN ASIA
Greetings from the ocean ! POST CARD It was a great vacation , but I 'm glad to be back in the sea . I 've been swimming across the ocean , gulping down down krill . I can hear my friends calling ( they are about 600 miles away , but I 've got fantastic hearing ! ) so I 'm going to tell then all about my rip . Love , Blue Whale x
The Pryce Family 221 Main Street Boston , MA 02138 USA

Octopuses are soft - bodied animals with eight arms . They are cousins of slugs and snails .
Octopuses live in the ocean . These animals may look weird , but they are surprisingly smart . Imagine if an octopus left the ocean to explore . Would she have fun ?
What if an octopus went shoe shopping ? She would have to pick four pairs of shoes . She uses her eight arms like legs to walk on the rocky seabed .
Sometimes , if an octopus is in danger , she can detach an arm . Then she grows a new one . But it would need a smaller shoe !
What if an octopus went to a costume party ? She would n't need to shop for an outfit . She could just change her color and body shape .   Under the sea , an octopus can pretend to be   snake , a rock , or a fish .
But for a party , she could turn herself into a banana or a beach ball . She could even disappear by blending in with her background - that 's a cool party trick !
Could an octopus play hide and seek ? " I , 2 , 3 , 4 ... " She does n't have any bones in her body , so she can hide in tiny spaces .
Octopuses hide under rocks or in small spaces when they want to rest . So she might doze off under the sofa ! ZZZZZZZZZZ
What if an octopus went to the doctor ? The doctor would need three stethoscopes - one for each heart !
Octopuses need three hearts to pump their blue blood all through their body and arms .
Could an octopus climb a skyscraper ? An octopus could tackle the hardest climb without any footholds .
Each of her arms is covered in up to 200 sticky suckers so she could walk right up the side of the building . Under the sea , she uses her suckers to grab and grip slippery fish .
Could an octopus cook dinner ? She could use her beaklike mouth to open cans and her long arms to unscrew jars .
Under the sea , octopuses use their beaks to drill holes into shellfish or break them open . They taste food just by touching it with their suckers . Tonight 's menu : Raw fish Raw crab Slimy snails Shellfish
What if an octopus played cards ? She would probably win !
What if an octopus played cards ? She would probably win ! She is very intelligent with a big brain in her head and a " mini - brain " in each arm .
And she could play eight hands all at once !
What would an octopus do for pocket money ? She could wash cars with a super - strong jet of water . An octopus can fire water from the
part of her body called a funnel . The water shoots for several feet !
Would an octopus play in a sand box ? She might dig a den in the sand . She would use the shells to decorate it .
And then she would lay her eggs in the den ! An octopus lays up to 20,000 tiny eggs at a time . She looks after them for up to four months , until they are ready to hatch .
More about octopuses Octopus is point to the places where she lives . Can you see where you live ?
FACT FILE Some octopuses are smaller than your hand . Some octopuses are bigger than a car . A common octopus like the one in this book grows to be about 3 feet long . Octopuses have eight arms . If an octopus loses an arm it can grew a new one . An octopus has a soft body , with no bones . It can squeeze into tiny places and it can change color so no one can see it . Octopuses have three hearts and a big brain . Octopuses eat other animals , especially shellfish . They old on to their food using their suckers on their arms .
NORTH AMERICA SOUTH AMERICA PACIFIC OCEAN Areas where octopuses live ANTARCTICA
ARCTIC OCEAN EUROPE NORTH ATLANTIC OCEAN AFRICA ASIA SOUTHERN OCEAN PACIFIC OCEAN AUSTRALIA
Greetings from the ocean ! POST CARD
I 'm back in my cozy den , safe and sound , and nibbling on a tasty crab . I am keeping out of sight because there 's a big shark swimming nearby ! I 've been playing tricks on him , pretending to be a banana - he he does n't thin I 'm funny . Love , Octopus x
The Eaton Family 100 Bottom Road Oceanland 12345 USA

Hey , kids ! Time to count the monkeys ! It 's fun . It 's easy . All you have to do is turn the page . . . and Count The Monkeys
Yikes !
1 King Cobra has scared off all the monkeys . Turn the page very slowly , very carefully so he does n't notice us .
Look ! 2 Mongooses have chased away that cobra !
Or is it 2 Mongeese ? I 'm pretty sure it is 2 Mongooses . Let 's vote . Raise your hand if you think it 's mongooses . Now raise your hand if you think it 's mongoose . Interesting . Turn the page - I bet the monkeys will come back .
Uh - oh . 3 Crocodiles frightened those mongooses !
I dislike crocodiles , especially these crocodiles . Move your hand in a zigzag while you turn the page - it will confuse them .
I never thought I would miss those crocodiles , but these 4 grizzly bears are even worse !
We 're never going to count the monkeys ! Okay . Put your arms above your head ! Make a loud roar ! Bang together some pots and pains , if you have them . BUT MOST IMPORTANTLY , TURN THAT PAGE !
OH NO ! 5 Bee swarms drove off those bears . Bees can smell fear .
You are not afraid , are you ? Hum a happy tune and smile while you turn that page .
Phew ! 6 Sweet Old Beekeepers have shooed off all those bees .
Say " thank you " six times very politely - these ladies care about good manners . Now , finally the monkeys can come back . Turn the page and count the monkeys !
No ! 7 Wolves sent those old ladies packing !
Wolves and grandmas never get along !   This is very important : Do n't look these wolves in the eyes . In fact , cover your eyes while you turn the page .
Oh good . 8 Lumberjacks took care of these wolves .
Thanks , guys ! Now it 's safe for the monkeys . Give each lumberjack a high five and then turn the page so we can COUNT THE MONKEYS .
Hmmm . Still 8 Lumberjacks . And they seem to be settling in . Do n't they understand that we 're trying to count the monkeys ?
Tell these guys " SCRAM ! " Say it even louder ! Good . Let 's turn the page .
Great 9 Lumberjacks . They invited a friend .
How are we going to get rid of them ? Any ideas ?
Look at that ! 10 Polka - Dotted Rhinoceroses With Bagpipes And Bad Breath cleared out those lumberjacks .
Was that your idea ? Because it was n't mine .
Okay ! We 're finally ready to - Oh no . It looks like we 're out of pages .
This is terrible ! We made it to the end and there are 0 Monkeys in this book . Now we 'll never get to count the monkeys .

I see one bat .
I see two bats .
I see three bats .
I see four bats .
I see five bats .
1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 !
I see lots and lots of bats !

Once there was a brave young knight known as Sir Galavant who rode around on a great war - horse shouting , " Bring on the fire - breathing dragons ! Bring on the man - eating giants ! Bring on the ogres and trolls ! I 'll clobber the brutes , I will ! " All the shouting was upsetting the Clyde , the great war - horse . He was n't the least bit brave , and he worried about what he would do if Sir Galavant ever got his wish and met some horrible monster in a fight to the finish .
Clyde did n't want anyone to know he was a coward , so he pretended to be brave by prancing around with his chest out and his nose in the air . But his uppity act did n't fool the farm dogs . They could spot a coward a mile away and always had great fun barking at the jittery horse just to watch his eyes roll and his ears twitch . Clyde was so skittish that even a cross - eyed silly old scarecrow gave him the creeps . And when he heard the news that a gigantic ogre was on the rampage far out in the countryside , the faint - hearted horse was horrified .
The monster always attacked in the middle of the night , kicking in barn doors and ripping off rooftops to get at the livestock . It was a time of terror for the farmers and their families and since they had no way to fight the huge beast , they decided to abandon their farms and flee to some faraway place . They scurried down the roads by the hundreds , taking their animals and all the things they could possibly cart or carry along with them . " Here ! Here ! No need to panic ! " shouted the brave Sir Galavant , " Do n't lose your heads ! I 'll throttle the monster in a trice ! I 'll finish him off before tea time ! "
" No ! No ! Not that easy ! " warned an old farmer . " I got a peek at the monster last night . He 's a whopper of a thing . A giant owl - eyed ox - footed ogre , nearly as big as a barn . A night - prowlin ' beast who never shows himself in broad daylight . Never ! They say he hides out by day far back in the woods to the north of here . But anyone who dared go in after him would be a dim - witted noodlehead ! " " Then I 'm a dim - witted noodlehead , " laughed Sir Galavant , " and I 'm off to meet the owl - eyed ogre . Gee ! Hup ! Clyde , boy ! Let 's go !
As Clyde galloped on north across the fields and cow pastures he was hoping they would never find the ogre , or even a sign of him . But pretty soon , to the horse 's dismay , they came upon a barn with half the roof ripped off , and all around the barn were the huge two - toed tracks of the monster .
" He must be a whopper ! " exclaimed Sir Galavant . " With tracks like these we 'll catch up to the beast in no time . Clyde , boy ! We 're in luck ! "
They followed the ogre 's tracks on across a grassy meadow until they disappeared into the dark gloomy woods . They were about to enter the woods when Clyde thought of the farmer 's grim warning , and a cold shiver rant though him the left his knees so week and wobbly he staggered to a halt . " Ho ! Ho ! Come now ! " scoffed Sir Galavant . " Do n't tell me my noble high - stepping steed has turned into a chicken ! " No horse can stand to be called a chicken , not even such a cowardly one as Clyde . So with an angry snort he headed on into the gloomy woods .
It was ever so quiet in the woods , with no sign of a bird or a squirrel . The only sound was the " clumpity clumping " of Clyde 's big feet . And as they went along through the dark , the brush became so dense they lost the monster 's tracks , but they could still follow the scattering of bones left from the ogre 's feasting .
Then pretty soon a " huffling snuffling " noise echoed through the trees like the breathing of some gigantic thing . " The time has come , " muttered Sir Galavant , clamping his visor shut and getting a good grip on his sword . And , all at once , there in the deep shadows was the terrible ogre !
The great hulking beast was sprawled out on his back in the oak trees , sound asleep and snoring . " What a cinch , " whispered the knight . " The brute is far off in dreamland , out of this world . I could slit his gullet in a twinkling , and
he 'd never know it . But that would n't be sporting , would it , Clyde , boy ? Not fair at all . " Then , to the horse 's horror and amazement , Sir Galavant shouted , " En garde ! "
The startled monster reared up with an angry " Whurf ! " his fierce owl eyes searching everywhere at once . " Wheefle ! ! " he gleefully squealed when he spied the knight on horseback , right under his great horned snout . The greedy ogre was always hungry enough to eat a horse , and also a knight in armer , saddle and all .
And he leaped to the attack just as Sir Galavant lashed out with his sword . But they both missed when Clyde swerved to one side to escape the terrible claws . Then the panicky horse was off and away , running through the woods at a furious gallop .
" Whoa ! Whoa ! Hold up ! " shouted Sir Galavant . " Stop ! Stop ! You chicken - livered cowardly big lout ! " But the worst of all insults could n't stop Clyde now .
He was determined to save both of their necks whether his foolhardy master liked it or not . And he kept going full gallop , dodging past tree limps , leaping over boulders and logs , out of the spooky old woods .
Clyde was far out in the meadow before he dared slow down to catch his breath . Then , as he took a look back to make sure they were n't being followed , he suddenly discovered his saddle was empty ! Sir Galavant was gone ! He had taken a tumble , way back in the woods somewhere ! Clyde was more frantic than ever ! For all he knew the poor fellow had already been devoured by the ogre . Yet the horse would never know unless he went back into the woods to find out , and he was n't half brave enough to do that .
" If there 's even a slim chance , " thought Clyde , " that I could do something to save him , then I must take the chance . If I 'm not half brave enough , then I must pretend to be brave ! I 'll put on a big act !
Then snorting fiercely , just like a high - spirited steed , Clyde went charging headlong back into the gloomy old woods .
When Clyde reached the spot where they had first me the monster he was stopped short by a great roaring burst of laughter , " Gur - hoof ! Gur - hoof ! Gur - hoof ! " The giant beast was in a frolicsome mood , playing the old cat - and - mouse game . And the mouse was Sir Galavant .
Even though he had no chance of winning , the heroic young knight put up a furious fight , swinging away with his sword , while the ogre kept jabbing at him with a claw that sent him sprawling . Clyde knew the game could end in a second with one crunching bit unless a horse got into the game .
To get the monster 's attention Clyde suddenly sank his teeth into his scaly blue tail . " Garf ! " cried the ogre , who was much more surprised than hurt . He had never been bitten before , and he whirled around in a snarling fury .
Then , as Clyde turned to run , the ogre forgot about the knight , and in great leaps and bounds came chasing after Clyde , just as the horse had expected him to .
Once again Clyde was galloping away through the woods , but this time not nearly so fast . He was getting leg - weary after so much running , and the ogre was surprisingly quick for such a big , clumsy , ox - footed thing .
He came whuffling and gruffling on through the trees , gaining with every giant step . Then in one wild grab he caught the horse by the tail .
That would have been the finish for poor Clyde if he had n't reached the edge of the woods . In one last desperate lunge , one tremendous surge of horsepower , he made it out into the meadow and hauled the huge ogre out after him .
Suddenly it was the ogre 's turn to be terrified . He had been caught by surprise , out in broad daylight with the sun glaring down at him .
An owl - eyed monster who thrives on darkness and gloom ca n't last ten seconds in the bright sunlight , and he knew it . He let go of the horse and burst into horrible howls and screeches that could be heard all the way to Twickenham .
Sir Galavant came dashing out of the woods just in time to see the monster explode in one big KER - PUFFLE ! And just like that he was gone ! " C - C - Clyde ! " stammered the flabbergasted knight . " Di - did you see that ? ! ! ! The big brute 's gone ! Vanished ! Gone in one big KER - PUFFLE ! Amazing ! Fantastic ! I must spread the great news ! Tell everyone ! Come on , Clyde ! GEE ! Hup ! Let 's go ! "
As Sir Galavant sent Clyde racing across the countryside to catch up with the frightened farmers , he suddenly realized they would never believe that such a huge beast could vanish in one big KER - PUFFLE ! So he quickly made up a better ending for the ogre .
" Hear this ! Hear this ! " he shouted . I have clobbered the monster ! Slashed him to bits and pieces ! Just one   big banquet for the buzzards ! ! ! He 's gone forever ! " The wonderful news was greeted with resounding cheers and shouts of joy that echoed for miles around , and Sir Galavant became an instant hero .
After that , when Clyde when prancing along with his chest out and his nose in the air , he really was feeling brave . The farm dogs could sense it at once , and they gave up barking at him . It was no fun barking at a horse who wo n't twitch an ear , or even bat an eye . But after all , a horse who bites a giant ogre on the tail lives to trot another day is just about as brave as anyone can be .

One fall day , Bill and George went fishing . Bill saw George shivering . Maybe it was too cold to fish .
On the way home , Bill told George that some animals , such as bears , go to sleep when it gets cold . They eat a lot in the fall .
Then they hibernate , or sleep , almost all winter . George was curious . If he hibernated , he would miss the cold winter months .
At home , George ate and ate . Maybe he would get sleepy and hibernate .
Upstairs in bed , George tried to sleep . But his room was too bright .
George closed the curtains . He painted a picture of the night sky .
He still could not sleep . How did bears do it ?
George asked the man with the yellow hat about hibernation . " This book says bears sleep in dark , quiet caves , " said the man . That was it ! George needed a cave .
George hung toy bats . He put rocks in his bed . Now his room looked like a cave .
George settled in for his long winter nap .
Uh - oh . Now what ? George could hear sounds outside .
Pigs oinked . Cows mooed . Chickens clucked . George shushed them , but they would not be quiet .
George covered his ears . The animals were not as loud . But his room was not silent yet .
George taped his blanket over the window . Now it was dark and quiet .
Finally George fell asleep . He slept in his monkey cave just like a bear .
After a long time , George woke up . He had done it ! He had hibernated .
" How did you sleep last night ? " asked the man . Last night ! George had slept only one night , not all winter ? George was sad . Then the man had an idea . He took out a box of winter things .
The man reminded George how fun winter was . They could sled and ski together . George did not want to miss winter after all .

This is George .   He was a good little monkey and always very curious . Today George and his friend the man with the yellow hat joined Mrs. Gray and her class on their field trim to the fire station .
The Fire Chief was waiting for them right next to a big red fire truck . " Welcome ! " he said , and he led everyone upstairs to begin their tour .
There was a kitchen with a big table , and there were snacks for everyone . The Fire Chief told them all about being a firefighter . George tried hard to pay attention , but there were so many things for a little monkey to explore . Like that shiny silver pole in the corner … . Where did that pole go ? George was curious .
Why , it went back back downstairs ! There was the great big fire truck . There was a map of the city . And there was a whole wall full of coats and hats and big black boots .
George had an idea . First he stepped into a pair of boots . Next , he picked out a helmet . And , finally , George put on a jacket . He was a firefighter ! Suddenly … . BRRRIINNGG !
The firefighters all rushed in . " This is not my helmet ! " said one . " My boots are too big ! " said another . " Hurry ! Hurry ! called the Fire Chief . A bright red light on the map of the city told him just where the fire was . There was no time to waste !
One by one , the firefighters jumped into the fire truck . And so did George .
The fire truck with all the firefighters sped out of the firehouse . And so did George ! The siren screamed and the lights flashed .
The truck turned right . Then it turned left . " WHOO WHOO WHOO , " went the whistle and George held on tight .   Whoo Whoo Whoooo
Soon the fire truck and all the firefighters pulled up to a pizza parlor on Main Street . Smoke was coming out of a window in the back and a crowd was gathering in the street . " Thank goodness you 're here ! " cried the cook .
The firefighters rushed off the truck and started unwinding their hoses . They knew just what to do . And George was ready to help . He climbed up on the hose reel … .
One of the firefighters saw George trying to help , and he took George by the arm and led him out of the way . " A fire is no place for a monkey ! he said to George . " You stay here where it 's safe . George felt terrible .
George sat on the bench and looked around . Next to him on the ground was a bucket full of balls . George reached in and took one out . It fit in his hand just right , like the apple he 'd had for a snack .
A little girl was watching George . He tried to give her the ball , but she was too frightened . George took another . " Look , " a boy said . " That monkey is juggling ! "
The boy took a ball from the cage and tossed it to George , but it went too high . George climbed up onto the fire truck to get it .
Now George had four balls to juggle . He threw the balls higher and higher . He juggled with his hands . He juggled with his feet . He could do all kinds of tricks !
The boy threw another ball to George . George threw a ball back to the boy . The little girl reached down and picked up a ball , too . Soon all the children were throwing and catching , back and forth .
( blank )
The Fire Chief came to tell everyone that the fire was out . Just then the little girl laughed and said , " Look , Mommy- a fire monkey ! " " Hey ! " called the Fire Chief . " What are you doing up there ? " " What a wonderful idea , " the little girl 's mother said to the Fire Chief . " Bringing this brave little monkey to help children when they 're frightened . " " Oh , " the Fire Chief said . " Well , er , thank you . "
Before long the fire truck was back at the fire house , where a familiar voice called,"George ! " It was the man with the yellow hat . " This little monkey had quite an adventure , " said one of the firefighters . " is everyone all right ? asked Mrs. Gray .
" Yes , it was just a small fire , " said the Fire Chief . " And George was a big help . " Now the field trip was coming to an end . But there was one more treat in store … .
All the children got to take a ride around the neighborhood on the shiny red fire truck , and they each got their very own fire helmet . Even George ! And it was just the right size for a brave little monkey .

It was a beautiful winter morning . George was up early .
Next door , his friend Bill was up too ! Bill was building a house out of snow . " It 's called an igloo , " Bill said . " I 'm going to sleep in it tonight . "
George wanted to help . He also wanted to sleep in the igloo ! It would be a lot of fun .
George tried stacking some blocks of snow . It was not easy . They kept slipping and sliding .
" First , you make a circle in the snow , " said Bill . " The snow blocks go around the circle . This makes a sturdy base for more snow blocks to go on top . "
Bill showed George how to stack snow blocks on top of the base . Around and around they went until there was only a hole left at the top .
" The last piece is called the keystone , " Bill said . " It keeps all the other snow blocks in place . "
" You have to fill in all the cracks , " Bill said . " This keeps the igloo nice and warm inside . " They smoothed out the snow blocks . Bill and George filled all the spaces with snow .
George was impressed . But Bill 's igloo was a little small .
George wanted to build his own igloo ! A big igloo that could fit his bed and some friends and maybe a party with music ...
George got to work . This time he made the circle bigger ! He stacked the snow blocks around and around , just as Bill had taught him .
George worked on his igloo until the sun went down . It was a big igloo . It even had a window ! But George was a tired monkey . He did not have time to fill all the cracks with snow .
The man with the yellow hat helped move George 's warm bed into the igloo . George bundled up and went to sleep .
Soon George woke up . He was very cold . The window was drafty . The cracks were letting the cold air in .
George really wanted to spend the night in an igloo . What could he do ? Then George had an idea !
The man had told George to come inside if he got cold . So George worked quickly and built a new igloo in his living room ! It was nice and warm inside the house .
He crawled into his new igloo and went to sleep ... again . The living room was the perfect temperature for sleeping . But is was too warm for a house made of snow . George 's indoor igloo began to melt .
When George woke up the next morning , his igloo had melted ! It had turned into a big puddle- and a big mess to clean up .
Lucky for George , his outdoor igloo was still standing . The big igloo was too cold for sleeping , but it was just right for a party .
George and his friends spent the whole winter playing in his big igloo , until it melted away in the spring .

George loves to travel . This weekend the man with the yellow hat took George and his friend Marco to visit Professor Wiseman at the beach .
George was excited . They go to fly in a special airplane called a floatplane . It landed on the water !
Professor Wiseman was waiting for them with a raft . George and Marco climbed aboard so the man and the professor could pull them to the beach . But George was curious . They were standing so far from the shore . Why was n't the water deeper ?
" It 's low tide , " Professor Wiseman explained , " and I 'm standing on a sandbar . It 's a big pile of sand underwater . The tide brought it in . The tide is when the gravity of the moon pulls on the ocean and makes the water come in and go out . " George was amazed !
When they got to the shore , George and Marco were surprised by all of the puddles on the beach . " Those are tidal pools , " Professor Wiseman told them . " Those are called tidal pools , " Professor Wiseman told them . " When the tide goes out some water gets left behind in holes in the sand . "
There were fish , starfish , and anemones in the tidal pools . George and Marco wanted to dig for clams . Maybe if they dug deep enough , they could even find some buried treasure ! They dug and dug , but buried treasure was hard to find . Maybe they should bury their own treasure ! They ran up to the house to see what they could find .
Luckily , George had packed a treasure chest ! Marco decided to put his favorite thing in the chest : a silver wolf necklace .
George and Marco hurried back to the beach and started digging . They made a hole and placed their treasure chest inside . Then they covered it with sand . Now they just needed a way to remember where it was buried .
George had an idea . He could measure how many steps there were between their hiding spot and the pier . The treasure was buried five giant George steps away from the third post of the pier . Now that that was done , it was time to go swimming !
" Look ! A dolphin ! " Marco yelled . They ran to the end of the pier to get a closer look . " Did you know that dolphins look like fish , but they 're really mammals ? A dolphin breathes air through a hole in the top of its head . " George was surprised . " That 's right , " Professor Wiseman said . " This one is friendly . His pod usually comes in with the tide . A pod is a group of dolphins that travel together . " " He looks like he wants to play , " the man said . George and Marco were n't the only ones who wanted to swim !
Swimming with the dolphin was fun ! He could move very fast and stay underwater for a long time - much longer than George or Marco could hold their breath .
The dolphin even found Marco 's mask underwater when it fell off . " Dolphins are excellent at finding things . They use something called sonar . He made sounds underwater and the sounds bounced off the mask and told him where to find it , " Professor Wiseman said . Marco thanked the dolphin and they started swimming back to shore .
" Why ca n't we walk back ? " Marco asked . " I thought you could touch the bottom . " " We could before , but the tide has been coming in while we 've been playing . Now we have to swim , " the man explained . When they got back to shore , George and Marco realized they had a big problem !
The tide was higher now , so the water covered more of the beach - including the spot where their treasure was buried ! " Do n't worry , " Professor Wiseman said . " The tide will go back out in about six hours . I 'm sure you 'll find your treasure then . "
Later that afternoon , when the tide had finally gone back out , George measured five giant steps from the third post of the pier . He and Marco started digging at the spot . But their treasure chest was n't there .
Then Marco spotted something . " Look , George ! " He pointed . " It 's our treasure chest ! " The tide was so powerful , it had carried their treasure down the beach .
George opened the treasure chest , but it was empty . The treasure was gone . Marco had lost his favorite thing : his silver wolf necklace . George wanted to help find it , but what if it was in the ocean ? They 'd never be able to find Silver Wolf way out there .
Then George remembered someone who could ! If dolphins were excellent at finding things , maybe the dolphin could use sonar to find Silver Wolf .
Ta - da ! In no time , the dolphin appeared with the necklace around his nose . Now George and Marco had one more treasure : a new friend .

George was curious about animal tracks . He took photos of raccoon , frog , and squirrel tracks .
" Wow ! " said Bill . " You have almost every local animal except the fawn . Come on ! I 'll show you where to find it . "
A fawn is a baby deer . It would make the perfect photo .
Bill took George to the place he saw the fawn . " Good luck , " he said . " After I finish fixing the path , I 'm going swimming in the lake . "
George looked for fawn tracks . The first track he found was from a slithery garter snake .
Then he found duck and frog tracks . They both have webbed feet . That must be why they are good swimmers .
George saw that fish do not leave any tracks !
Then George found the biggest tracks he had seen yet ! Could the tracks be from a giant snake with duck feet ? George followed the tracks .
They ended at the lake . George had an idea . He had seen these tracks in a book . They were dinosaur tracks !
He made a trail of food back to his house . Maybe the dinosaur would come out to eat . Then George could take a photo .
But wait ! George went home to look at the book . Some dinosaurs eat meat . Uh - oh . Maybe they would eat him !
George went back to the water . He saw the tracks were now coming out of the lake !
The tracks were headed toward Bill 's house . George had to warn Bill !
" I guess those do look like dinosaur tracks , " Bill said . " But I made the tracks . "
" I went swimming with my flippers . I had my rake too . " George was happy that Bill left the tracks . A hungry dinosaur would be scary !
George still wanted a special photo . The trail of food that led to the lake was still there .
Suddenly , the fawn showed up to eat the food ... with the mama deer !
It was the perfect picture to complete George 's collection- even if it was not a dinosaur !
Animal Tracks Look at the animals and their matching tracks . What do you think George 's tracks look like ?
Making Tracks ! Did you know that you can make plaster casts of animal tracks ? Next time you and an adult find an animal track while on a hike , in a park , or exploring your own backyard , try it - it 's fun and easy ! What you will need : Plaster of Paris ( found at craft stores ) , a bottle of water , plastic spoons , paper towels , a plastic container or paper cups to mix the plaster , a small trowel to something to dig with , paint , a backpack to carry everything in , and a grownup to help .
Making Tracks ! What to do : 1 . Find a good , clean animal track in the mud that has dried enough to keep its shape when you press on it lightly . 2 . Lay out all your supplies . Pour about 3/4 cup of plaster into the plaster container . Quickly stir in water until the plaster is thin enough to pour , yet not too runny . Tap on the edge of the container to get out most of the air bubbles . Do this quickly , because the plaster begins to set within a few seconds . 3 . Carefully pour the plaster mixture into the track . Let the plaster set for at least a half hour . 4 . When the plaster is firm , carefully dig under the cast and lift it up . Take it home and let it dry overnight . 5 . When the plaster cast is completely dry , clean it off with a brush . You may want to paint the cast . Now you have an animal track that will last forever !

Jumpy Squirrel was very busy . George was curious . What was Jumpy doing ?
Bill , the boy next door , told George , " Jumpy buries acorns and nuts . He stores them in the ground .
He can dig them up later , when he is hungry . "
That gave George a great idea ! George buried the orange juice . He buried the butter . He buried the bread . He was glad to find a good place to store food .
When the man with the yellow hat came home , the kitchen was empty ! Where was all of their food ?
George proudly showed his friend .
" George , orange juice and bread are not for burying , " the man in the yellow hat said . " They can not be stored in the ground . "
His friend showed George a peanut with a sprout . George was puzzled .
" This peanut grew into a plant , " the man said . " Seeds and nuts grow out of the ground , if they are not eaten first . "
George thought he understood . If a little peanut could become a big plant , what would a rubber band become ?
What would a feather become ?
George dug lots of holes . He buried lots of things .
Soon the house was empty . The man in the yellow hat was surprised !
" George , umbrellas and chairs are not for burying , " the man with the yellow hat explained . " They are made by people . They are not going to grow . Seeds and nuts will grow . "
A few days later George saw something new in the yard . It was a sprout ! " Look , George , " said his friend . " A seed you buried is growing ! I wonder what it will be . "
Soon there was a beautiful sunflower in the yard . George had a green thumb after all !
you can do it . George discovers that not everything grows ... but some things certainly do ! If you 'd like to grow something , try planting beans . In a few days , you 'll have bean sprouts ! You may need to ask a grownup for help with this exercise . 1 . Fill a jar or plastic cup with a half a cup of dried beans ( a grownup can find these at the grocery store ) 2 . Cover them halfway with cool water . 3 . Place a piece of nylon or cheesecloth on top of the cup and secure it with a rubber band . 4 . Put it in a shady place for eight hours . 5 . Gently drain the water through the cloth covering . Then add more water and immediately drain again . 6 . Return the jar to the shady spot you found , but this time rest it on its side to give the beans more room to grow . 7 . Rinse the beans twice a day for the next three days ( as in step 5 ) . After that , the sprouts will be ready to eat in a sandwich or salad ! AND YOU GREW THEM YOURSELF !
Water Trail : If you 'd like to know how water helps a plant grow strong , find a piece of celery and some food coloring- then you can see for yourself ! 1 . Ask a grownup to cut a single stalk of celery for you that still has the leaves attached to the top . 2 . Pick a food coloring ( red or blue works best ) and add some drops of it to a full glass of water . 3 . Put the celery , leaves at the top , in the glass of water and leave it in a sunny place . 4 . In a few hours , you might notice something different about the celery . Wait overnight . 5 . The next day , check out your celery . It will be colorful ! Ask a grownup to cut the celery in half for you . You 'll see colored dots inside the celery . This is how you know water travels from the bottom of the stalk up to the leaf- the same way it travels up the stem of a flower- to help the celery grow strong ! Show what color your celery stalk became .

George was a good little monkey and always very curious . Today was a good day to be curious . The man with the Yellow hat was taking George to the science museum . The museum was one o George 's favorite places . There was always something new to see and interesting to learn .
Often there was a special exhibit . George wanted to know what it was today , but first he had to make his favorite museum stops : the rocket room , the mirror maze , and the butterfly space .
Finally , George and his friend made it to the special exhibits room . The sign read HOW YOU CAN TAKE CARE OF OUR PLANET .
George learned many things : how all people , animals , plants , air and water on the planet make up the environment , how trees help keep the air clean , and how people can help protect the environment from pollution and too much trash .
George had a great time and did n't get into any of his usual mischief .
As he and his friend were leaving , they bumped into the museum director .
Dr. Lee looked happy see him . " How is my best monkey visitor ? " Dr. Lee asked George . " I 'm so glad I ran into you . I wanted to tell you that we 're having a Green Day rally tomorrow at the park . " George was curious - whatever a rally was , he was sure that the park was a good place to do it .
" We 're going to plant a   truckload of trees and collect used paper for recycling , " Dr. Lee explained . " We did n't have much time to advertise , but we need lots of volunteers . How would you like to help out ? " There was nothing that George liked better than to help . " What a great idea ! the man agreed . " We 'll be there . "
That night George was ready to do his part for the recycling drive . He gathered every newspaper in the house . He stacked old mail on top of the papers . He piled empty cardboard boxes and food cartons on top of that . What a heap !
What more could he add ? George scratched his head . Then he took several books off his bedroom shelf .
Just as George was about to add them to his recycling pile , someone lifted the books out of his hands . " Not so fast , George , " the man said . " These books are made of paper all right , but you can read and enjoy them many times . And when you 're done , you can donate them to other kids or your library . Reusing is just as important as recycling .
Blank
The next morning , George and his friend set out for the park with their wagon of neatly stacked paper . Suddenly the man stopped and said,"I forgot my gardening gloves ! Go on without me , George . I 'll be there soon . " As george walked down the street , he spotted several newspapers lying about on his neighbors ' front stoops . George had an idea . He had lots of room in his wagon . He could recycle all those newspapers .
And the newspapers were not the only things he could recycle . He noticed a stack of paper cups sitting on a table under a tree . Into the wagon they went ! So did a pile of magazines . And a heap of peppers someone left on the sidewalk .
George was happy with his great load . At the park , he found Dr. Lee standing under a big banner . " Good morning , George , " Dr. Lee said . " I 'm so glad you came and brought all your friends . We need lots of help to get the job done .
George turned around . He was surprised to see so many faces , but they did not look very helpful . They looked angry !
The man with the yellow had attired just in time . He explained to their neighbors that george was gathering paper for a good cause . THey were no longer mad . They even stayed to help plant the trees .
" George , you saved our Green Day ! " Dr. Lee said , with gratitude . " These trees will provide fresher air . And each summer we 'll have more shade , which means we 'll use less water to keep the grass green . Thank you . " Being a monkey , George had known all along how important trees were .
Living Green Here are some simple everyday things that you and your family can do to conserve energy and resources : 1 . Use both sides of your paper . 2 . Make your own play things our of cardboard abodes and paper towel rolls . 3.Talk to our teacher about classroom recycling.$. Donate your gently used books to a library . 5 . Donate your gently used clothing to a charity . 6 . At mealtimes , do n't take more food than you can finish . 7 . Turn off lights , air conditioning , and heat wine not in use . 8 . Look for the recycling symbol on packages when you shop . 9.Fill the bathtub only halfway.10.Turn off the faucet while brushing your teeth . 11 . Ask your parents to buy rechargeable batteries . 12.Use old kitchen containers and utensils as sand and water toys . 13 . Volunteer to help clean up your local park . 14 . Open the curtains during the day to let the sun warm your house . Xlose the curtains at night to keep the heat in.15 . Take care of your house plants - they help purify the air . 16 . Make your own birthday and holiday cards . 17 . Use newspaper comics to wrap gifts . 18 . If you live near your school , walk or bike instead of driving . 19 . Take your own bags to the grocery store . 10 . Help plant a tree and watch it grow .

This is George . He was a good little monkey and always very curious . Today George received a surprise in the mail . " It looks like you got a card , George , " said the man with the yellow hat .
It was a thank - you card from George 's neighbor Betsy .   Dear George , Thank you so mug for the birthday present . I 'm putting the stickers you gave me on everything even this card ! Sincerely , Betsy
The card made George smile . It also made him curious . Who could he give a thank - you card to ? George thought and thought .
He could send one to the science museum director , Dr. Lee , who had shown George her favorite collection of dinosaur fossils . Of course , there was also the librarian who helped him pick out books . Hmm …  The store clerk at the market always saved the best bananas for him . And his friend Bill let George fly his kite in the park .
George had so many people to thank - he had to get started right away ! First he gathered paper , envelopes , crayons , and stickers . Then he got to work .
The man with the yellow hat walked in to find George covered rom head to toe . " Uh - oh , George ! What are you doing ? "
George held up Betsy 's card and pointed to the papers catered around him . " Oh , I see , George , " said his friend . " You 're making your own thank - you cards . What a nice idea . Would you like some help ?
The man wrote while George decorated . George was having so much fun that they even made a stack of extra cards . " We can hand - deliver these tomorrow . Everyone will be happy to see you , George . "
Their first stop was the science museum . " George , it 's so good to see you , " said Dr. Lee . " What a lovely card ! I 'm going to hang it in my office right now . "
Next they stopped at the library . " What a great card , " the librarian said . " I 'm going to set it here on my desk where everyone can see it . George , we have some new books in the children 's section that you might like , if you have time . " George looked at his friend . " All right , " the man said . " I will go get a book for myself . "
George noticed the mail carrier leaving the library . She was the one who had brought George his thank - you card in the first place . He wanted to give her one of his cards too ! George hurried out the door . Could he cat her in time ?
George jumped up and down on the steps , waving a card , but a group of children was just getting off a bus . They were coming to the library for story hour . George could n't see which way the mail carrier had gone .
But , of ! There was a streetlight nearby . George was curious . Maybe if he climbed it , he could see where the mail carrier was going .
George started to climb the streetlight as fast as only a monkey can . But when he was halfway up the pole , his bag slipped off .
In an instant , all of George 's thank - you cards wen whirling through the air . Oh , no ! How should George deliver his cards now ?
George slid down the pile and grabbed at the cards swirling around him . A boy looked up . " Hey ! It 's snowing mail ! " A little girl said,"Don't worry , little monkey . We 'll help you pick up your cards . "
The children gathered up the cards . George was very grateful for their help . He was also grateful that he had brought extra cards . He decided to give them to all of the children . " These cards are so nice ! " said the teacher .
The man with the yellow hat came hurrying down the steps . " George ! I did n't see you leave . It looks like you 've had quite an adventure out here . " The man thanked the teacher and his students for helping George .
" Let 's finish delivering those thank - you cards , " said the man . George and his friend stopped by the market and the park and then headed home .
George felt a little sad that he had n't caught up to the mail carrier . But wait ! Who was that at George 's house ?
George proudly gave her a thank - you card . " Wow , George ! " said the mail carrier . "I'm usually the one delivering the cards . This sure is a treat ! "
George waved goodbye , and he and the man went into their house . But George had one more very special thank - you card to deliver . He had saved the best for last !

George was exploring a lake with his friend Bill . George was a good explorer , and always very curious . /he was especially curious bout tadpoles .
Bill told George he could be in charge of the tadpoles they found . George took tadpole watching very seriously . He watched hem swim in their glass bowl . He fed hem boiled lettuce . He took them for a swim in the lake . At the time it seemed like a good experience for tadpoles .
When the tadpoles did not come back , George started to worry . What would Bill say ? He had to find them .
George spent hours at the lake . He found turtles , and water beetles , and minnows . But no tadpoles .
Every time George would visit the lake he would look for the tadpoles . Several weeks went by .
Finally he found something that looked like a tadpole - but it had legs , and almost no tail . George let it go .
A few weeks after that , George took a walk in the city to think about his tadpole problem . He was going back to the lake soon . Bill would be very disappointed if George had lost he tadpoles .
George walked so long ,   he found himself in front of the museum . He saw a butterfly that reminded him of being at the lake . He followed it .
The butterfly flew into the museum and George kept following , past all kinds of exhibits .
There was a special display about creatures that live around lakes . George knew about many of them , like turtles , minnows , lizards …  and tadpoles !
The pictures of the baby tadpole reminded him of disown tadpoles . Next to it was one of the funny creatures George had seen in the lake . It had legs and a smaller tail .
Now he understood ! The creatures with legs were tadpoles , too ! His friends had not vanished . They were just changing and growing up . George was so excited , he left the museum without finishing the exhibit tour .
As soon as George got back to the lake , he looked for his missing friends . Especially the ones with little legs and almost no tails . But they were not there , either . This time George could find only …  frogs ! lots and lots of frogs !
" What a good idea , George , " Bill said , seeing the empty jar . " You decided to release the tadpoles into their natural habitat   so we could watch them grow into frogs . You 're not only curious - you're smart , too ! "
" Lets take a picture of you and the frogs together , George . Smile ! "

Winter was long , cold , and snowy in the big city . George and the man with the yellow hat were lucky ...
They were going on vacation ! The suitcases were ready . The tickets were ready .
George and his friend went to bed early . Everything was set ...
except the alarm clock ! " George ! We overslept ! " the man cried . George and his friend dressed .
They dashed off to the airport . " Hawaii , here we come ! " the man said . George was excited . He had never been on an airplane before .
The man put the suitcases on a cart at the airport . " This will make easier to carry , " he said .
They rushed to check in . George climbed on top of the cart to see over the ticket counter .
" Here is a gift for you , " the ticket clerk said . She gave George a toy plane . His first airplane !
George liked the airport already . He flew his plane . It landed on a red suitcase .
" Bad news , " the man said . " Our plane is late because of a big storm . We have to sit and wait . " George did not mind waiting .
He had a brand - new toy . But when George looked , the toy was GONE ! The suitcase was gone !
Then George heard a beeping sound . A motor cart drove by . The red suitcase sat on top . George ran after it .
The suitcase went faster . George got on the moving sidewalk . But he was going the wrong way !
George heard a new noise . Bags were moving on a long belt . George spotted the red suitcase . It was getting away .
George followed it . He looked inside the suitcase . No toy plane here . Where should he look next .
Finally , the plane was ready . But where was George ? " I can not board the plane , " the man said . " I lost my monkey ! "
" You mean George ? " the flight attendant asked . She pointed at the plane . George waved . He was on board already .
George and the man walked to their seats . A nice woman stopped them . " There you are ! Did you lose this ? " she said . She gave George his toy plane .
That airport was a fun place ! There were so many different ways to get around . Maybe it was even better than vacation .
Traveling things and people get around in different ways . Match the object or person with its mode of transportation .

George was going to a dog show . He had not been to a dog show before . He was very curious .
The dog show was a surprise . the dogs were not doing tricks . They stood .
They walked . They ran a little . that was all .
George visited the dogs after the show . it was much more fun .
George loved them so much that he wanted to take them home .
So he did . The dog owners were busy getting ribbons .
They did not see George leave with their dogs
At home George wanted to count how many new friends he had . It was hard work ! The dogs did not stay in one place . George had an idea .
He put the big dogs in one room . He put the small dogs in another room .
He put the hairy dogs in the bathroom . Then he counted . One ... two ... three hairy dogs .
One ... two ... three small dogs .
One ... two ... three big dogs .
The front door opened . It was George 's best friend .
The man was surprised to see dogs behind every door . " There must be twenty of them ! " he said .
But George know better . There were three plus three plus three dogs . There were nine dogs in all .
The doorbell rang . Nine dog owners had come to get their dogs .
George waved goodbye nine times . What a great dog show it had been ... right in his own home .

This is George . He was a good little monkey and always very curious . Today George and his friend the man with yellow hat were at the library . STORY HOUR TODAY ! 11:00AM . Public Library .
George had never been to the library before . He had never seen so many books before , either , Everything he looked , people were reading . Some people read quietly to themselves .
Children 's   Room . But in the children 's room the librarian was reading out loud .
It was story hour ! George loved stories . He sat down with a group of children to listen . The librarian was reading a book about a bunny . George liked bunnies .
Behind the librarian was a book about a dinosaur . George liked dinosaurs even more . He hoped she would read it next . But next the librarian read a book about a train . George tried to sit quietly and wait for the dinosaur book to be read . But sometimes it is hard for a little monkey to be patient .
When the librarian started a story about jungle animals , George could not wait any longer . He had to see the dinosaur book . He tiptoed closer . " Look , a monkey ! " shouted a girl . The librarian put her finger to her lips . "We must be quiet so everyone can her , " she said nicely . " But there 's a monkey ! " said a boy . The librarian nodded and smiled . " Mmm - hmm , " she agreed .
When she finished reading the jungle story , the librarian reached for the dinosaur book . Where did i go ? and where was George ?
George was all ready to take the dinosaur book home and read it with his friend when another book caught his eye . . .
This book was about trucks . George wanted to take it home , too ! And here was a book about elephants . George loved elephants . He added it to his pile .
George found so many good books , he soon ad more than he could carry . He leaned against a shelf to rest . Squeak , went the shelf . " Shh ! " said a man . Squeak , went the shelf again-- and it moved ! Why , it was n't really a shelf after all . George had found a special cart for carrying books .
What luck ! Now George could carry all the books he wanters . He rolled the cart between the shelves and stacked up books about boats and kites and baking cakes . He climbed higher to reach books about cranes and planes .
At last George had all the books he could handle . He could n't wait to head home and start reading . And right in front of him was a ramp leading to the door . George was curious . Could he roll the cart all the way home ?
Down the ramp George went . He cart rolled faster and faster . " Stop ! " a library volunteer shouted . " Come back here with my cart ! " But George was too excited to listen . The cart was picking up speed , and George was having fun !
Until-- CRASH -- George and the cart ran smack into a shelf of encyclopedias .   Books flew up into the air .   And so did George !   He landed in a big pile right between O and P.
" Oh no ! " moaned the volunteer when he saw the mess George had made .   " How am I going to away all of these books ? "   " I 'd like to borrow this one , " said a boy from story hour .   " And I 'll take this one , " said a girl .
With help from George and the children , the books were sorted in no time .   Soon there was just a small pile of George 's favorites left .
" Would you like to take those books home with you ? " the volunteer asked George .   THen e took George to a special desk and helped him get his very own library card .
George was holding his brand - new card when his friend arrived with a stack of books of his own .   " There you are , George!"he said .   " I see you are ready to check out . "   George and his friend gave their books to the librarian .   She smiled when she saw Georg 's pile .   " I was wondering where this dinosaur book went , " she said .   " It 's one of my favorites , too . "   The librarian stamped the books and handed them back to George .
With his books under one arm , George waved goodbye to the volunteer , the librarian , and the children from story hour .
" Come see us again , George , " the librarian said , waving back .   " Enjoy your books ! "
And he did .   The end .

This is George . He lived in Africa . He was very happy . But he had one fault . He was too curious .
One day George saw a man . He had on a large yellow straw hat . The man saw George , too . " What a nice little monk , " he thought . " I would like to take him home with me . " The man put his hat on the ground , and of course George was curious . He came down from the tree to look at the large yellow hat .
The hat had been on the man 's head . George thought it would be nice to have it on his own head . He picked it up and put it on .
The hat covered George 's head . He could n't see . The man picked him up quickly and popped him into a bag . George was caught .
The man with the big yellow hat put George into a little boat , and a sailor rowed them both across the water to a big ship . George was sad , but he was still a little curious .
On the big ship , things began to happen . The man took off the bag . George sat on a little stool , and the man said , " George , I am going to take you to a big Zoo in a big city . You will like it there . Now run along and play , but do n't get into trouble . " George promised to be good . But it is easy for little monkeys to forget .
On the deck he found some sea gulls . He wondered how they could fly . He was very curious . Finally he HAD to try . It looked easy . But--
oh , what happened !
First this-- and then this !
" WHERE IS GEORGE ? " The sailors looked and looked . At last they saw him struggling in the water , and almost all tired out .
" Man overboard ! " the sailors cried as they threw him a life belt . George caught it and held on . At last he was safe on board .
After that , George was more careful to be a good monkey , until at last the long trip was over . George said good - by to the kind sailors , and he and the man with the yellow hat walked off the ship to the shore and on into the city to the man 's house .
After a good meal and a good pipe , George felt very tired .
He crawled into bed and fell asleep at once .
The next morning the man telephoned the Zoo . George watched him . He was fascinated . Then the man went away . George was curious . He wanted to telephone , too . One , two , three , four , five , six , seven . What fun !
DING - A - LING - A - LING ! GEORGE HAD TELEPHONED THE FIRE STATION ! The fireman rushed to the the telephone . " Hello ! Hello ! " they said . But there was no answer . Then they looked for the signal on the big map that showed where the telephone call had come from . They did n't it was GEORGE . They thought it was a real fire .
HURRY ! HURRY ! HURRY ! The fireman jumped on to the fire engines and on to the hook - and -- ladders . Ding - dong - ding - dong . Everyone out of the way ! Hurry ! Hurry ! Hurry !
The fireman rushed into the house . They opened the door . NO FIRE ! ONLY a naughty little monkey . " Oh , catch him , catch him , " they cried . George tried to run away . He almost did , but he got caught in the telephone wire , and--
a thin fireman caught one arm and a fat fireman caught the other . " You fooled the Fire Department , " they said . " We will have to shut up where you ca n't do any more harm . " They took him away and shut him in a prison .
George wanted to get out . He climbed up to the window to try the bars . Just then the watchmen came in . He got on the widen bed to catch George . But the watchman was too big and heavy . The bed tipped up , the watchman fell over , and , quick as lightning , George ran out through the open door .
He hurried through the building and out on to the roof . And then he was lucky to be a monkey . Out he walked on to the telephone wires . Quickly and quietly over the guard 's head , George walked away . He was free !
Down in the street , outside the prison wall , stood a balloon man . A little girl bought a balloon for her brother . George watched . He was curious again . He felt he MUST have a bright red balloon . He reached over and tried to help himself , but--
instead of one balloon , the whole bunch broke loose . In an instant the wind whisked them all away and , with them , went George , holding tight with both hands .
Up , up he sailed , higher and higher . The houses looked like toy houses and the people like dolls . George was frightened . He held on very tight .
At first the wind blew in great gusts . Then it quieted . Finally it stopped blowing altogether . George was very tired . Down , down he went -- bump , on to the top of a traffic light . Everyone was surprised . The traffic got all mixed up . George did n't know what to do , and then he heard someone call , " GEORGE ! " He looked down and saw his friend , the man with the big yellow hat !
George was very happy . The man was happy , too . George slid down the post , and the man with the big yellow hat put him under his arm . Then he paid the balloon man for the balloons . And then George and the man climbed into the car , and at last away they went--
to the ZOO ! What a nice place for George to live !

Curious George was a playful little monkey . Like most playful little monkeys , he loved having fun outside .
But sometimes the weather would not cooperate with George . It would be too windy for playing ball . Or too wet for flying a kite .
George was tired of the weather running his fun . He decided that he would just have to be prepared for anything .
Then the doorman told him that some animals have a special way to tell the weather . George was curious . He did n't think that he was one of those animals , but maybe he could become one !
George decided to ask his friend the man with the yellow hat . The man told George about a saying that sailors use to help them predict the weather : " Red sky at night , sailor 's delight . " This meant that if a sailor saw a bright red sunset , the next day should be sunny !
That gave George an idea . He would draw pictures of the sky and then watch what happened to the weather . He started with the red sunset that evening .
The next day was warm and sunny . He drew a picture of that below the sunset from the day before . He even drew the cricket he met while he was drawing . Chirrp ! Chirrp !
The next morning there were dark clouds to draw . His cricket friend was back , but he was much quieter on that chilly day : Chirrp . By that afternoon , it was raining . Hmm …  did clouds mean that it would rain ? George thought so . These drawings were becoming very useful !
The next day George used his drawings to hep make a decision . When the man asked if George wanted to go on a picnic , George predicted that the clouds he saw that morning would mean rain later on . He decided to stay at home .
But it never rained ! In fact , it was a beautiful day . The blue sky was full of fluffy white clouds .
Ah - ha ! So maybe dark clouds meant that it would rain ! White clouds meant the weather would be good . George was so happy when he saw a sky full of white clouds the next morning . Now he could go on that picnic .
But George 's happiness did not last long . Wind blew a storm in that soaked his sandwich . The wind had ruined his picnic , and his prediction . This weather business was not easy . How was George supposed to predict wind too ?
The next day , George noticed a flag flapping in the wind . He did n't have a flag , so he used the man 's sock as one . George watched as the sock flapped in the direction the wind blew .
George also had a pinwheel . When the wind blew fast , his bee pinwheel spun quickly . When the wind blew slowly or not at all , the pinwheel spun slowly too . Now he could tell how fast the wind was blowing .
As a special treat , George 's friend took him to the weather station for a visit . There were no socks , pinwheels , crayons , or crickets . How did they predict the weather ? The weather scientists told George that they used radar and satellites in space to find weather patterns .
Unfortunately , they were missing one of their satellites . They would n't be able to predict the day 's weather for the mayor 's big golf game . George had an idea !
George raced home . The sock and pinwheel showed the morning 's storm clouds were being blown away . His drawings showed the sky was red the night before , and the cricket was chirping quickly . George predicted it would be a good day for golfing ! He could predict the weather after all !
Back at the weather station , the mayor was happy to hear the news ! He invited everyone to come to the golf course .
George had one more prediction to make that day - tomorrow would be a great day for a picnic !

Every morning Pete and his dad got up together . The walked down the hall to the bathroom together . They washed their faces together . They brushed their teeth together . But when it came to combing hair , Pete had to comb his alone .
For Pete 's dad had very little hair to comb . What he did have made Pete think of the way Mr. Samson looked after he 'd tumbled around in the dryer . Sometimes Pete would help his dad . He would use both hands to squash down the scraggly hairs . " Thanks , kiddo , " Dad would day . " With a son like you , who needs a comb ? " But then ... sproing ! The wiry hairs always popped right back up again .
The thing was , Pete 's dad had lots of hair everywhere else : on his legs , on his arms , on his chest , even in his ears and—this is gross—sticking out from his nose . How it got there Pete could n't say .
Maybe it all slid off his head one day and got stuck . His dad had hair on his chin and cheeks , too , but this he shaved off each morning
They slathered up their cheeks and chins with big , gooey Santa Claus beards and squirted thick Santa Claus mustaches under their noses . That part always made Pete sneeze . " Gesundheit ! " Dad would say , and then he 'd put a dab of shaving cream right on the tip of Pete 's nose .
But one morning Pete 's dad did something really weird . He squirted a big blob of cream on the top of his head .
Pete laughed . Dad was aways making jokes . But then dad did something that surprised Pete so much , he dropped his razor . When he was through with his chin and cheeks , Dad just kept right on shaving . " Stop , Dad ! What are you doing ? " Said Pete . But it was too late .
Dad had shaved off every single one of the scrawny hairs on his head . " Well , what do you think ? " he asked Pete . Pete did n't know what to think . His dad looked so different . He did n't even look like his dad anymore . It was kind of scary . Dad smiled his old smile and wiped the rest of the shaving cream odd Pete 's face . " Time to put on the old feedbad , champ , " he said .
When they came downstairs , Pete 's mom said , " Pete , would you please tell your father it 's time for breakfast ? " " He 's right here , Mom ! " Said Pete . " Ca n't you see him ? "
" Who ? " she said . " That bald , handsome man over there ? "
" It 's Dad ! " said Pete . " He shaved off all his hair ! " Pete 's mother smiled . " Well , so it is , and so he did . " She gave Dad a big smoochy kiss and rubbed her had on his head as if she were making a wish .
At breakfast , Pete could n't stop looking at his dad 's head . It looked like the egg in the little cup Dad had in front of him .
When Dad drove him to school , Pete could see Dad 's bald head sticking up over the back of the seat . It looked like the sun poking up over the buildings . Or a kickball stuck in the snow .
After school , Dad took Pete for a haircut . The barber asked him , " Should I cut your hair like your father 's ? " Pete put both hands on his head . " No way ! " he said . He did n't mean to make his dad feel bad , but Pete just did n't want to all bald on top . " Just a trip will be fine , " Dad told the barber .
As they ran errands on the way home , Pete noticed the hair that other men had on their heads : The man at the gas station had fake hair . When he picked up some coins from the floor , all his hair swung back and forth . The man in the post office looked like someone had drawn lines on his head from one side to the other when he was n't looking . The man in the grocery store was bald on top but had fuzzy hair sticking out all around the edges . He looked like an ostrich .
Pete and his dad stopped at the park . Even though it was cold , Dad only wore the earmuffs Mom gave him for Christmas . Pete felt sorry for him and put his hands on top of Dad 's head to keep him warm . " That feels good , kiddo , " said Dad . " With a son like you , who needs a hat ? "
At home , Pete was very quiet . " What 's the matter , bub ? " said his mom . " Dad sure looks different without his hair , " he said . " Let me show you something , " she said . She took out their picture album and showed Pete some old pictures of his dad from a long time ago - before Pete was born .
His father had lots of hair then . In one picture , his hair was as long as George Washington 's on the dollar bill . Pete smiled . Dad sure looked funny . " So , what do you think ? " said his mom . " I do n't know , " he said . The guy in those pictures looked even less like his dad .
When he put Pete to bed that night , Dad asked him , " Well , champ , how about it ? Should I let my hair grow back , or do you like my new look ? " Pete looked at him closely .
He thought about everything he 'd seen that day with his dad : the men in the gas station and post office , the grocer , and the funny - looking man in the old pictures Mom had shown him .
He thought about how Dad looked in the morning with his scraggly bunch of weedy hairs .
" I guess it 's okay , " Pete said . " With a son like you , who needs hair anyway ? " said Pete 's dad , and he kissed him good night . " Wait a minute , " said Pete , and he tilted his dad 's head down and kissed him back . Right on top of his shiny , bald head .

It 's hard to believe such a thing could be true , And I hope such a thing never happens to you . But it happened , they say , to poor Mayzie McGrew . And it happened like this ...
She was sitting one day , At her dest , in her school , in her usual way , When she felt a small twitch on the top of her head . So Mayzie looked up . And she almost dropped dead . Something peculiar was going on there ...
A daisy was sprouting right out of her hair !
Behind her was sitting young Herman ( Butch ) Stroodel . " This looks like a daisy up here on her noodle ! It does n't make sense ! Why , it
Miss Sneetcher , the teacher , came rushing up quick . " Such nonsense ! some child here is playing a trick ! Which one of you buys stuck that thing in her hair ? You
But Miss Sneetcher had hear quite enough of this talk . " Mayzie ! Hold still ! Let get at that stalk ! " " OUCH ! " hollered Mayzie . " Quit yanking , " Butch said . " You 're giving her pains . It 'll bet that those roots go way down in her brains ! "
The kids in the class started shouting like crazy : " Daisy - Head ! Daisy - Head ! DAISY - HEAD MAYZIE ! " " Children , be quiet ! Good grief and alas ! " Miss Sneetcher was shocked by the noise in her class . " I 've taught in this room twenty years . Maybe more . But I 've never seen anything like this before ! I 'll have to report it . You 'll just have to come To the Principal 's office and show Mr. Grumm ! "
Now the Principal , good Mr. Gregory Grumm , Was a wise man , just as smart as they come . He knew more than anyone else in this nation About long division and multiplication . He knew ll the answers . Why oceans are deep . Why skies are so high , and why mountains are steep . He should have the answer to this think on Mayzie .
" My word ! " he declared . " It 's a genuine daisy ! I 've seen them quite often in fields growing wild . But never before on the head of a child . Now what in the world ever made this thin sprout ? I have no idea . But I 'm going to find out !
" It says here ... it says , daisies grow on the land . They grow between rocks . They grow also in sand . It mentions right here they can grow in a pot . But mention the head of a girl , it does not ! Daisies , it says , sometimes grow in Alaska . Also Missouri , Rhode Island , Nebraska . They grow in Japan and in Spain and Peru , in India , France , and in Idaho , too . They grow in South Boston . And also in Rome . But WHY should they grow on this little girl 's dome ? "
" Say , lookit ! " said Mayzie .
" It 's wilting ! It 's drooping ! How wonderful , Mayzie ! It soon will be dead ! You 'll be rid of that daisy ! " " In just a few minutes , our troubles will pass , " Declared Mr. Grumm . Take her back to the class . "
Then the principal saw a most terrible sight . The daisy was dying . ( And THAT was all right . ) But that daisy was part of poor Mayzie McGrew , And Mayzie was starting to wilt away , too ! " Teacher , " said Grumm , " you know what I think ... ! They 're
" That daisy ! That girl 's the worst problem in town ! You take her away and you make her lie down ! You lock her up tight in that room down the hall . There are quite a few number that I 've got to call ! "
" Get Mayzie 's parents on the end of the line . I need them here quickly while there is still time ! " On the phone Mayzie 's mom asked , " What 's all the fuss ? " Then : " Goodness to Betsy ! I 'll catch the next bus ! "
A call to the shoe store reached Mr. McGrew . He answered wile holding a customer 's shoe . " Yes , this is ... Oh , no ! I really must go ! "
" A doctor should see her , " the Principal said , " And an expert on plants like the one on her head . " So he called Dr. Eisenbart , who said , " What a trick ! My stethoscope 's packed , I 'll be there in a tick ! " " Wait , Doc ! " said his patient , " I"ll come along too . My brother 's a vet . And he knows this McGrew . "
When he heard , Finch the Florist grabbed for his shears , " I 'll be there just as soon as my truck can shift gears ! "
Meanwhile , poor Mayzie lay down on a couch , The daisy slumped down on its leaves in a slouch . But the sweet - smelling daisy attracted a swarm Of bees .
Buzz ! Bees , bees !
The faster she ran , the faster they flew . So Mayzie kept running . What else could she do ?
She attempted to hide behind Officer Thatcher , Who cupped his hat like a bumblebee catcher . The bees took his hat . Thatcher said , " I 'm no fool ! " And ran after Mayzie back to the school .
Principal Grumm did n't know what to do . " It 's worse ! " cried Miss Sneetcher . " Much worse than we feared . The daisy and Mayzie have both disappeared ! " Behind her came charging Mr. McGrew , Chased by a customer chasing his shoe , Finch the Florist , Dr. Eisenbart , too . Dr. Eisenbart 's patient , and Mrs. McGrew .
Then through the window with Officer Tatcher , Who slammed the pane shut so the bees could n't catch her , Jumped Mayzie McGrew To the floor in a splatter , With the daisy still there , except taller and fatter !
" My poor little daughter ! The daisy ! It 's true ! I 'm going to faint ! " cried Mrs. McGrew . " Tut , tut , " said the Florist , " there 's no need for tears Just because there 's a daisy between her two ears . I 'll snip it right off with my sharp pruning shears . "
" She 's
Then the door opened wide And the Mayor stepped inside . At meetings and greetings there was none to compare . He was best at long speeches , chock - full of hot air ! " I promise , my friends , that if I 'm re - elected , This daisy on Mayzie will be disconnected . The law of our fathers is simple and sound , Daisies belong and should stay in the ground . The rest are illegal . We 'll bar them from town ! "
From the back came a voice , sometimes loud , sometimes slick , Of a wheeler and dealer , who knew every trick ! " I 'm Finagle the Agent . You 've heard of me , I 'm sure . I represent young what's - his - name , and others , now on tour . Your talent is a wondrous thing - unique in all the land . ' Daisy - Head Mayzie ' spelled out in bright light Will draw kids in the day , and parents at night ! Daisy - Head Mayzie , you 've got quite an act ! Just stick with me , kid , And sign this contract . Your flower needs to sign too . "
Her mother said , " Mayzie ! Do n't be a fool ! " and the Principal begged her not to leave school . But Mayzie did n't stop to blink . She signed her name in think - proof ink . And the daisy signed too .
Daisy - Head fever was gripping the nation . It had quickly become a worldwide sensation !
Daisy - Head burgers , And Daisy - Head drinks . Daisy - Head stockings , And Daisy - Head sinks . Daisy - Head buttons , And Daisy - Head bows . Mayzie was famous , The star of her shows .
Fame had knocked on Mayzie 's door . Now she had it all - and more . Piles of money stacked in tens ,
But what is money without friends ? A dream had led her far astray . That was the price she had to pay .
Mayzie McGrew ran night and day , Nowhere to go , nowhere to stay . Because she was sure that everyone must have written her off in total disgust , Over and over again in her head , These are the words that poor Mayzie said : " I can never go home . Nobody loves me . Nobody loves me . Nobody loves me . "
NObody loved her ... ? Poor Mayzie McGrew ! It 's hard to believe such a thing could be true . And maybe that 's why , then , this daisy above , when Mayzie , below , began talking of love ... Well , you know about daisies . When love is in doubt , The job of a daisy is , Try and Find Out !
They love her ... They loe her NOT ! They love her ... They love her NOT !
Do n't worry , Mayzie . They love you .
" They love me ! "
Well ... That 's how it all happened . the thing went away . And Mayzie McGrew is quite happy today , Back at her studies , and doing just great In al of her subjects in Room Number 8 . And concerning that daisy ... you know that it
Errr ... well , it
" And , after all ...

I know that some people call it a weed , but to me the dandelion is a noble breed .
Bright yellow petals adorn each one , spreading out like rays of the sun .
In spring , dandelions bloom like gold stars in the grass ,
growing taller and taller as the warm days pass .
Under sunny summer skies ,
the flowers are visited by bees and butterflies .
The flowers begin to change one summer day . Their bright yellow petals fold up and fall away .
In place of petals emerge fluffy tufts of white .
They form a perfect circle , delicate and light .
The wind blows them loose , sweeping them into the sky .
Like tiny umbrellas
they float up high .
Every flying tuft the wind has freed carries with it a tiny seed .
The tufts float on the wind until falling to rest . A nice grassy hillside is what they like best .
Into the soil a seed snuggles down . Slender new root tunnel deep underground .
Fragile green leaves begin to grow sprouting up from the earth below .
Look closely and you 'll find round buds of green . But bright yellow petals are yet to be seen .
The buds slowly open , facing the sky . Sunlight and water will help them grow high .
As summer moves on , sunny and warm , seed become flowers .
New dandelions form !

When David gets in trouble , he always says ... No !   It 's not my fault !
I did n't mean to !
It was an accident !
Do I have to ?
I forgot !
My dog ate my homework !
I could n't help it ! Dickens Elementary School
I was hungry !
But she likes it !
It slipped !
But Dad says it !
Excuse me !
No , it was n't me !
Yes ! It was me !
I 'm sorry !
I love you , mom .

David 's teacher always said ... No , David ! No yelling . No pushing . No running in the halls .
David !
You 're tardy !
Sit down ,
David !
Do n't chew gum in class !
David , raise
your hand !
Keep your hands
to yourself !
Pay
attention !
Wait your
turn , David !
I do n't care
who started it !
David ! Recess is over !
Shhhhh !
Again ? !
That 's it , mister ! You 're staying after school !
David , have
you finished ?
Good job , David !
Yes , David ... You can go home now .

Una semilla puede crecer y convertirse en una planta . A seed can grow into a plant .
Algunas semillas son muy pequeñas . Some seeds are tiny .
Las semillas tienen muchas formas y tamaños . Seeds come in many sizes and shapes . Algunas semillas son muy grandes . Some sedes are very big .
Pones ulna seminal en la tierra . You put a seed in the ground .
Casi toads las semillas contienen alimentos que ayudan a la nueva planta a crecer . Most seeds contain food to help the new plant grow . Una pequena planta comienza a crecer . A little plant starts to grow .
A la nueva planta le crecen raíces y hojas . The new plant starts to grow roots and leaves . La planta crece hacia abajo . The plant grows down .
La planta crece hacia arriba . The plant grows up .
La planta crece y crece . The plant grows and grows .
Paracrecer , casi todas las plantas necestian tierra , agua , aire y la luz del sol . To grow , most plants need soil , water , air , and sunshine . Crece hacia abajo y crece hacia arriba . It grows down and it grows up .
A la planta le puede salir una flor . The plant may make a flower .
Muchas flores tienen olores que atraen a los pajaros y los insectos . Many flowers have smells that attract birds and insects . La flor produce semillas . The flower makes seeds .
Los huesos de las ciruela , cerezas y melecotone son semillas . The pits in plums , cherries , and peaches are seeds . La flor puede producir fruta . The flower may make a fruit .
Muchas frutas tienen semillas adentro . Many fruits have seeds inside .
Cada semilla puede convertir en una planta . Each seed can grow into a plant .

The LEGO City Museum is having a costume party .   Everyone is coming to see the art and treasures .   There is even a blue diamond !
Everyone is having fun at the party - everyone except Detective Chase McCain .
Chase thinks a team of crooks will try to steal something tonight .   Where is Chase ?   He 's in disguise !
Chase McCain is a master of disguise !   Before the party , he tried on several costumes to outsmart the crooks .   Circus clown ?   Too funny .   Ocean King ?   Too fishy .
Alien ?   Too far out there .   Caveman ?   Perfect !
Chase McCain is right - a team of crooks plans to rob the museum tonight .   But these are no ordinary crooks .   Gregor , Great , and Gary are the smartest crooks in LEGO City .
Dave is their getaway driver .   He thinks more about food than planning robberies .   Do you think they have snacks inside ?
The crooks have been planning this robbery for weeks .   Gregor is good at reading maps .   Greta is good at karate .
Gary is strong , but greedy .   Dave is good at driving - but better at eating !
The crooks walk through the party before moving deeper into the museum .   The guests do not notice them , but Chase McCain knows that something does not seem right .   Enough eating .   Let 's go .   But I 'm hungry !
Gregor , Greta , and Gary quietly sneak through the museum .   Dave is not as quiet .   Crunch .   Crunch .
The crooks find what they are looking for …  the famous and priceless blue diamond !   The blue diamond will make us all rich !
It 's showtime !   I 'm still hungry .
Gregor checks for traps .   Greta cuts open the glass case and lifts out the blue diamond .
Gary pulls Greta up to safety .   It looks like the crooks have done it !   Until Dave starts thinking with his stomach .   And sets off the alarm .   OOPS !
The thieves make a run for it .   Freeze , criminals !
But Chase McCain has backup - the SWAT Team .   I 'm destroying delicious food !   You 're stealing priceless art !
Greedy Gary tries to escape with his own loot ...
But the SWAT Team is waiting for him outside the museum .   We have the first crook .
Stop in the name of the law !
Gary has been captured , but Gregor , Greta , and Dave are fast .   They make their way to their getaway car !   Hurry !   This turkey leg is delicious .   Can I go back for seconds ?   No !
It 's a car chase !   Chase McCain follows the master thieves in hot pursuit on his motorcycle .
Dave finally proves his worth - he 's an excellent driver .   But will Dave be able to escape Chase McCain ?   Where is it ?   Where is it ?   Found it !
Can Dave outsmart the SWAT Team ?   Uh - oh !
BOOM !
Chase McCain and his SWAT Team arrest the crooks , and return the blue diamond to the museum 's manager .   You have the right to remain silent
You again ? !   I ca n't help myself .
Now LEGO City is safe .   Chase McCain and the SWAT Team have saved the day again !
To Chase McCain !   All in a day 's work , men !

Every night , people left books in the return box of the library in the small town of Spencer , Iowa . Funny books , big books , truck books , pig books- they left them all . But one night , on the coldest night of the ear , someone left a strange surprise …  a tiny kitten .
When Vicki the librarian found him the next morning , the kitten was cold and scared and very , very dirty . Vicki took one look and decided to give him a warm bath . The kitten went into the sink brown and crying , but he came out orange and purring . " I 'm going to keep you , " said Vicki , who already loved him . " We 'll name you Dewey Readmore Books . You can live here and be our library cat . "
But Dewey had no idea what it meant to be a library cat . So he did what all kittens do- he played . He longed on the newspaper …  rode the book cart …  and knocked pens to the floor .
He goofed around with Marty Mouse …  snooped in every open drawer …  and always found at least one rubber band .
But what Dewey loved most of all was people . Tall ones . ROund ones . quiet ones . Loud ones . The little ones , however , surprised him . ANd not always in a good way . " Look , Nathan , " said his mommy . " There 's a cat in the library . " Nathan bent down and said , " hi Hooey Dooey Yooks . "   " No , " said his sister , Hannah , " It 's Dewey Readmore Books ! " Dewey squirmed . The boy was petting him in the wrong direction ! Dewey loved to be petted , but he hated being petted in the wrong direction .
Dewey was licking his fur back into place when he heard a strange noise . " Waaaa ! " Dewey 's ears perked up . He looked around . " Waaaaa ! "
" ' Waaaa ! " Dewey sprang to attention and crept reeeeeallly slowly toward the sound .
Surprise ! The little people , Dewey discovered , came in tiny sizes too . And they loved to giggle and grab . and pull . and coo . Babies are wonderful , Dewey thought . Cute and SMELL - icious , too .
A few days later , Dewey went exploring and discovered , in a secret room , the most exciting thing he had ever seen . Children 's Story Hour ! Wowzy whiskers , this looks fun , Dewey thought , as he pushed into the room with his nose . Someone shouted : " There 's a cat in the liberty ! " Dewey froze .
It was quiet for one minute .
Then everything went wild .
And the next thing Dewey knew , he was being carried upside - down . Oh my , Dewey thought , what should I do now ?
Late that night , Dewey talked to his friend marry mouse . The library is a wonderful place , Dewey said , but I 'm tired of being pulled and poked and carried upside - down . I 'm not just a cat in a library . I 'm a Library Cat . A library cat helps people , I think and I 'm ninety - two percent convinced that that 's the reason I 'm around . Marty Mouse did n't say anything . I 'm gon na do it , Dewey said . I 'm going to help people . And he felt so happy that he threw Marty mouse into the air , kicked him with his back legs , then slept on him like a pillow .
The next morning , when the first people arrived Dewey was waiting to greet them right by the front door .
All morning , Dewey acted like a library cat . He read with the mommies and grandmas …  he helped the daddies work .. he even shelved books with the library clerk .
When he saw little Nathan , he turned a circle and a half so the boy could pet his back from his egad down to his tail- the right direction to pet a cat . " I 'm glad we 're friends , De - woo - ley , " Nathan said . Dewey smiled at that .
By lunchtime Dewey was worn out . So he found a good box . First he put his front paws inside , then hie belly . He squished his back end down , wiggled around until he was ll the way in …  and closed his eyes .
" There 's an orange muffin in the library , " a girl giggled .
But just as Dewey was about to drift off into sweet kitten dreams , he heard a hay sigh . His eyes popped open , and he saw a girl on the other side of the library .
A sad little girl reading very quietly all by herself .
He climbed up close and stared at her . She looked the other way . He sniffed her hand . She would n't play . He knocked her mittens to the floor . She let them stay .
Then he saw her jacket and had his best idea yet
Silly always works ! I 'll be a silly cat today ! The girl stared at dewey . " You look like a fuzzy hotdog in a purple bun , " she said . And then she surprised him .
She laughed right out loud . " I love you , Dewey Readmore Books , " the girl whispered as Dewey nestled into her lap and began to purr . This is it , Dewey thought . I 'm a Real library cat , and it feels great . No , it felt better than great . It felt …  purr - fect !

Ready to Go : Monday , October 2
My days as a firefighter are all so different that I 've decided to keep a diary . I 'm in the fire station now , drinking a cup of coffee -- but I 'm ready if the alarm goes off .
I always work with the same group of firefighters . When we came on duty this morning , we checked the fire engine and all the equipment . We know that everything is in working order .
Called into Action
As I was writing in my diary , the alarm went off ! Quickly , I slid down the pole and climbed into the fire engine . I put on my hat and jacket as we raced to the fire .
When we got there , we found it was a false alarm . We went into the building and checked every room carefully . Someone had seen smoke , but nothing was burning .
Fire Safety
Tuesday , October 3
A big part of my job is preventing fires . This morning I visited a restaurant to check that it is safe . We checked the kitchen , the fire doors , and the fire exits . THis sign point to the fire exit .
An adult should test smoke alarms once a week to make sure they are still working . I also tested the smoke alarms on each floor and made sure they were attached in the right places . Smoke alarms beep loudly as soon as any smoke reaches them . They let people know that they have to get out .
Safety First
Safety is the most important part of our job . We save people before we worry about property . We keep ourselves safe , too . Our clothes are made of special material that does not catch fire . Helmet . Breathing apparatus . Fire - resistant material .
We use a breathing apparatus whenever we go into a burning building . It gives us clean air to breathe and protects us from smoke and gases .
Real Emergency
Wednesday , October 4
We had a real emergency today . A mother and child were trapped in a burning apartment . The sirens screeched as we raced through the traffic .
We could see the flames even before we arrived . I got the hose out and started spraying the flames . Then several other fire engines arrived .
Rescue
Two of our firefighters went into the building and up to the apartment . There was smoke everywhere , but they managed to find the woman and the child .
By this time , the long ladder was in place . Five minutes later , the two casualties were on the ground , safe and sound . It took much longer to put the fire out !
Learning on the Job
Thursday , October 5
A new recruit named Sharon joined us at the station today . She has already had official training , so she knows how to use the equipment . A firefighter practices rescuing with a dummy .
Meeting her made me remember my first day at the fire station . I could n't wait ti put what I had learned into practice ! My very first job was to help pump flood water out of a basement .
A Routine Kind of Day
Friday , October 6
Sharon , the new recruit , came with me to visit a school this morning . I told the children how to keep themselves safe from fire . I told the children never to play with matches .
Sharon told them about her training and how firefighters can not be afraid of heights . They also have to be good at talking to people . She did a great job -- the children loved her !
Fire Practice
In the afternoon , we practiced a fire drill . We do drills all the time . We get to know them so well that we do not have to stop and think in an emergency .
Then we had a session called " know your streets " . This was helpful for Sharon . We went through all the local hazards we knew about , such as old , empty buildings .
Chemical Spill
Saturday , October 7
We had another big emergency today . A truck carrying barrels of dangerous chemicals crashed on the highway . Some of the chemicals spilled across the road . We put on biohazard suits to protect ourselves from the chemicals .
Police and fire crews were already there when we arrived . They had cordoned off the road and stopped the traffic . We wore breathing apparatuses to protect us from breathing in any chemicals .
Dealing With Danger
Dealing with chemicals and other hazards takes lots of special training . Chemicals can be dangerous to people and the environment .
This special sprayer gets our suits really clean ! We cleaned up the spill and made the rest of the barrels safe . Then our suits were washed down . We had to make sure there were no dangerous chemicals on our clothes .
Where next ?
Sunday , October 8
I had a day off at last and some time to plan my future . What do I want to do ? I could apply to join a fire crew at an airport .
I could specialize in fighting forest fires , but I 'd have to leave the city . If I stay where I am , I might be put in charge of a group of firefighters . One day I could even become a fire chief .
Writing a Diary
Firefighters at the fire station keep a log of everything that happens . The log records the time and reason that each fire engine is called . This book is a diary . It tells what happened from the firefighter 's point of view .
You can write a diary , too ! Your diary can describe your life -- what you saw , what you felt , and the events that happened . Here are some tips for writing a diary :
Start each entry with the day and the date . You do n't have to include an entry for every day .
The entries should be in chronological order , which means that they follow the order in which events happened .
Use the past tense when you are writing about something that has already happened .
Remember that a diary is the writer 's story , so use " I " and " my " .
Glossary : biohazard suit : special clothes worn for dealign with something dangerous
breathing apparatus : mask , pipe , and supply of air
chemical : solid , liquid , or gas that is used to make something . Some chemicals are harmful .
Chronological : in order of time
cordoned off : closed to the public by a piece of tape or a barrier
fire door : door that does not burn easily and so helps to stop a fire from spreading
fire drill : set of actions relating to fire safety that are repeated again and again
Fire exit : way out of a building if there is a fire
fire resistant : does not catch fire
fire station : building where fire engines and equipment are kept and where firefighters work and stay when on duty
record : write something down for later use
recruit : someone who has only just become a firefighter
siren : machine hat makes a loud noise to catch people 's attention
smoke alarm : device that beeps very loudly when smoke reaches it

MARCH 1 Today was Grandparents Day at school , so I brought Grampa with me . He taught us three things : 1 . Spiders are not insects- insects have six legs . 2 . Without spiders , insects could take over the world . 3 . Butterflies taste better with a little barbecue sauce .
MARCH 16 Grampa says that in his day , flies and spiders did not get along .
Things are different now . This is AWESOME !
MARCH29 Today in gym class we learned how to catch the wind so we could travel to faraway places .
When I got home , I made up flash cards so I could practice : 1 . Climb high . 2 . Release silk . 3 . Catch wind . Fly made up her own flash card : 1 . Fly I 'm starting to see why Grampa does n't like her .
APRIL1 Went to the park with my sister today . We tried the seesaw . It did n't work .
We tried the tire swing . It did n't work . We spun a huge sticky web on the water fountain . That worked . EEEEEK !
APRIL 12 Today was Safety Day at school . We learned that vacuums eat spiderwebs and are very , very dangerous . If we hear a vacuum , we should Stop , Drop , and Run . STOP WHAT WE"RE DOING DROP FROM THE WEB . RUN LIKE CRAZY .
APRIL 13 We had a vacuum drill today . I stopped what I was doing . Forgot where I was going . And ran screaming from the room . HELP We 're having another drill tomorrow .
APRIL 17 I 'm sleeping over at Worm 's house tonight . I hope they do n't have leaves and rotten tomatoes for dinner again . More leaves , Spider ?
MAY 7 Mom said I was getting too big for my own skin . So I molted . That is soooo gross !
MAY 8 Today was show - and - tell . So I brought in my old skin . My teacher called on it to lead the Pledge of Allegiance .
You there , why do n't you get us started .
JUNE 5 Daddy Longlegs made fun of Fly because she eats wither feet . Now she wo nt come out of her tree house .
I 'm going to find him and give him a piece of my mind .
JUNE 6 I found Daddy Longlegs . He 's a lot bigger than I thought he was .
I ace him a piece of my lunch instead .
June 7 Fly 's tree house blew away in the wind today .
So did Grampa .
JUNE 18 I got a postcard from Grampa today : Dear Spider , Ooh - la - la ! I landed in Paris ! French bugs are delicious ! Au revoir , Grampa leg of a French gnat … give it a try .
JUNE 30 Grampa came home today . I could n't wait to hear about how he rode the winds all the way over the ocean ! Turns out , he caught a breeze to the airport and napped in first class .
JULY 2 Fly came over to play today . She got stuck in our web , and her mom had to come get her .
Grampa laughed a little too hard . From now on , we have to play at Fly 's house .
JULY 9 Today was my birthday . Grampa decided I was old enough to know the secret to a long happy life :
Never fall asleep in a shoe .
JULY 16 Things I scare : 1 . Fly 's mom 2 . Tiny Bugs 3 . People using water fountains at the park
JULY 17 Things that scare me : 1 . Daddy Longlegs 2 . Vacuums 3 . People with big feet .
AUGUST 1 I wish that people would n't judge all spiders based on the few spiders that bite . I know if we took the time to get to know each other , we would get along just fine .
Just like me and Fly .

MARCH 20 Mom says there are three things I should always remember : 1 . The earth gives us everything we need . 2.When we dig tunnels , the help take care of the earth . 3 . Never bother Daddy when he 's eating the newspaper .
MARCH 29 Today I tried to teach Spider how to dig .
First all of his legs got stuck . Then he swallowed a bunch of dirt . Tomorrow he 's going to teach me how to walk upside down .
MARCH 30 Worms can not walk upside down .
Blank
APRIL 4 Fishing season started today . We all dug deeper .
APRIL 10 It rained all night and the ground was soaked . We spent the entire day on the sidewalk . Hopscotch is a very dangerous game .
APRIL 15 I forgot my lunch today . I got so hungry that I ate my homework .
My teacher made me write " I   will not eat my homework " ten times . When I finished , I ate that , too .
APRIL 20 I snuck up on some kids in the park today . They did n't hear me coming . I willed right between them and they SCREAMED .
I love when they do that .
MAY 1 Grandpa taught us that good manners are very important . So today I said " good morning " to the first and I saw .
There were 600 more of them in line . I stood there all day .
MAY 8 Had the worse nightmare last night- giant birds playing hopscotch .
Mom says I have to stop eating so much garbage right before I go to bed .
MAY 15 I got into a fight with spider today . He dolled me you need legs to be cool . Then he ran . I could n't keep up . Maybe he 's right .
MAY 16 I made Spider laugh so hard , he fell out of this tree . Who needs legs ?
MAY 28 Last night I went to the school dance . You put your head in . You put your head out .
You do the hokey pokey and you turn yourself about . That 's all we could do .
JUNE 5 Today we made macaroni necklaces in art class .
I brought mine home and we ate it for dinner .
JUNE 15 My older sister thinks she 's so pretty . I told her that no matter how much time she spends looking in the mirror , her face will always look just like her rear end .
Spider thought that was really funny . Mom did not .
JULY 4 When I grow up , I want to be a Secret Service agent . Spider says I will have to be very careful because the president might step on me by mistake .
" It 's a dangerous job , " I told him . " But someones go to do it . "
JULY 28 Three things I do n't like about being a worm : 1 . I ca n't chew gum . 2 . I ca nt have a dog . 3 . All that homework .
JULY 29 Three good things about being a worm : 1 . I never have to go to the dentist .
2 . I never get in trouble for tracking mud through the house . 3 . I never have to take a bath .
August 1 It 's not always easy being a worm . We 're very small , and sometimes people forget that were even here .
But like Mom always says , the earth never forgets we 're here .

Dogs come in all shapes and sizes .
Some dogs are big . The German Shepherd is a big dog .
Some dogs are small . The Chihuahua is a small dog .
Some dogs are tall . The Great Dane is a tall dog .
Some dogs are short . The Dachshund is a short dog .
Some dogs are heavy . The Saint Bernard is a heavy dog .
Some dogs are light . The Pug is a light dog .
Do you know the parts of a dog 's body . Parts of a Dog tail eat eye nose mouth legs

Wake up , dogs . You 're going to be late . The sun is up . There 's no time to wait .
Grab your gloves , hard hats , and boots , shovels , goggles , and dirt - digging suits .
Eat some breakfast on the go . Quickly , now . You 're moving too slow .
Hop in your trucks . There 's work to be done . Get to the job site . Run , dogs , run !
Down the road and over the hill , driving big trucks takes plenty of skill .
Around the corner and through the pass , stop at the station to fill up with gas .
Okay , dogs . We 're at the site . There 's lots to do before it 's night .
Start up the loader , dump truck , and grader , bulldozer , backhoe , and excavator .
The excavator digs deep with its scoop , pulling up dirt with a swish and a swoop .
Push and plow and clear the way- the bulldozer makes it look easy each day .
The loader picks up a rocky big bite and moves out the rubble with all its might .
Hauling away dirt and sand , gravel and rock , the big , strong dump truck works round the clock .
" There 's trouble in the pit . We 've hit something big . Get down in the hole and dig , dogs , dig ! "
Down in the pit there 's some busting to do , with hammers , a pick , and a rock splitter , too .
A job like this calls for a crane , with its winch and its hook and its long , heavy chain .
It 's a dinosaur fossil , a huge T. rex bone ! With a tug it breaks loose from its prehistoric home .
Now get back to work . Get back to your crew . Hurry up , dogs . There 's more work to do .
The graders perform their dancelike maneuvers as the ground is made smooth by these heavy earth movers .
The cement mixer spins as the concrete pours , but there 's no time to waste . We 're going to need more . Sand , gravel , blocks , and some 4x4 sticks . The forklift comes over to pick up the bricks .
Building has started . Here come more big trucks , hauling plants and trees and even some ducks .
More equipment arrives . Unload it with care . Check it , unpack it , and stack it right there .
Clear way for the flatbed . Clear the way . Let him pass . He 's hauling our trees and ten acres of grass .
More dogs arrive , with ratchets and wrenches , building fountains and fences , bathrooms and benches .
Unpack the boxes . Follow directions . Make sure it 's built right so it passes inspection .
Grab the hose- fill the hole until it 's brimming , and let loose the ducks for some synchronized swimming .
Everything 's finished . What a day this has been . Now open the gates and let everyone in .
The workday is over . It 's now almost dark . We have just enough time to enjoy our new park .
Great work , crew . It 's a place all your own . There 's even a spot for that dinosaur bone ! This job is complete . We 've built something new . Tomorrow we 'll find a new job to do .

I love diggers .
My brother is too little , so he does n't know ...
... but soon I 'm going to buy a huge digger .
My digger will be powerful . I 'll wear a hardhat and heavy digger - man boots .
I will work while my brother sleeps .
I will scoop up rocks .
I will push mud .
Sometimes my mom and dad can bring my brother to see me .
Maybe I can give my brother a ride in the digger .
I 'll honk the horn and flash the lights for him .
One day I will dig a big hole to make a pond .
I will push the extra dirt to make a big hill .
I will plant trees and make a playground . It will be a park . My digger park .
My brother and I can play there .
I will always have a lot of work to do with my digger .
As soon as my brother gets bigger , I will teach him ...
... so he can be a digger man , too .

Digger was a good dinosaur . But he was a busy dinosaur . Sometimes he forgot to listen .
" Digger ! " Momasaur called . " Clean your room . "
Digger looked at Stego . Stego looked at Digger . " Ca n't I play ? " Digger asked .
" No , " said Momasaur . " Your room is a mess . "
" She said yes ? " asked Digger . " She said MESS , " said Stego . " I can fix that , " said Digger .
" I will help ! " said Stego . " Let 's go ! " said Digger .
" Put you coat on the hook , " said Stego . So Digger did .
" Digger ! " said Stego . " You put you coat on a BOOK . "
" You said book , " said Digger . " I said HOOK , " said Stego .
" I can fix that ! " said Digger . And he did .
" Let 's put these bones away , " said Stego .
So Digger did . Ad Stego did .
" Digger ! " said Stego . " You put the STONES away ! " " You said stones , " said Digger .
" I said BONES , " said Stego . " Ican fix that , " said Digger . And he did .
Momasaur walked in . "Put those hats away , " she said , " and then go play . "
" Hurry ! " said Digger . And he did . And Stego did .
" Wait ! " said Digger . " Did she say HATS ? " Stego nodded . " I think so . "
Digger and Stego roared . " We both got mixed up ! " said Stego .
Momasaur walked in . " Good job , " she said . " No more mess ! "
" She said yes ! " said Digger . " Let 's play ball ! " And they did .

Bear arrives early for work . Digger is ready and waiting ! It 's going to be a busy day on the building site .
The foreman checks his plans . They are building an adventure playground . There are lots of jobs for Digger .
Bear puts his foot on Digger 's step . He swings up to the driver 's seat .
Bear sits in the driver 's seat . He turns the ignition key and steps on the pedals . VROOM ! VROOM !
Digger chugs through the building site . Bear swivels his seat around and pulls the lever to lower Digger 's scoop . Stabilizers stop Digger tipping over .
BANG ! CRACK ! BANG ! Digger needs to make a hole so the foundations can be laid . Sharp teeth dig into the dirt .
After lunch it 's time for an engine check . Bear fills Digger with diesel , then he checks the water and oil .
The foreman ticks his clipboard . He gives Bear and Digger a thumbs - up . Everything is okay so it 's back to work !
Digger works hard all afternoon . Suddenly Bear 's cell phone rings . Children from the nearby school have spotted a cat stuck in a tree ! Can Digger help ?
Bear drives Digger over to the edge of the building site . BEEP ! BEEP ! BEEP ! Warning lights flash and beep . Stand back , everyone !
The metal arm rises up and gently Bear edges Digger 's bucket toward the tree . The school children watch quietly .
Bear positions the bucket next to the branch . The cat peers in nervously
and then jumps into the bucket ! The children cheer . Digger is a hero ! Bear grins . He carefully lowers the bucket to the ground .
Digger is covered in mud and needs a wash and a scrub . Soon it looks as good as new .
What a day ! Bear drives Digger back toward the yard . Bear turns off the ignition , and Digger 's engine splutters to a stop .
Bear climbs out of the cab . Good work , Digger ! See you in the morning !
Let 's look at Digger : Levers … Bucket … .
Driver 's cab … .Stabilizers … Arm … Scoop
Other Building Machines : Road roller … Dump truck
.. Crane … .Bulldozer ...

Dinnertime , Chickies . Let 's all eat .
Wash your wings and take a seat .
We ca n't eat this . It 's too drippy . We want something chocolate chippy .
Just one pint - sized , peewee peck ? You might like it . You should check .
Mmmmmmm ...
Pass the meatballs . Pass the peas .
Pass the macaroni , please .
Dinnertime , Chickies . Let 's all eat .
Use your napkin . We 'll be neat .
We ca n't eat this . It 's too spicy . We want something cold and icy .
Just one itty bitty bite ? If you do n't like it , that 's alright .
Mmmmmmm ... Pass the tacos .
Pass the cheese . Pass the bean burritos , please .
Dinnertime , Chickies . Let 's all eat .
Veggies first , and then a treat .
We ca n't eat this . It 's too chewy . We want something hot and gooey .
Just one teeny , tiny test ? You might like this one the best .
Mmmmmmmm ... Pass the carrots , if you please .
Pass the spuds and broccolis .
Time for treaties , Chickie sweeties !
We ca n't eat up ALL those yummies . There is no room left in our tummies
Well , maybe just one tiny taste .
We 'd hate for it to go to waste !

It was the day before Halloween .   On his way to school , Albert and his mother passed a brightly decorated store window . " Look ! " said Albert 's mother .   " tHere 's a skeleton costume and all kinds of monster masks . "   But Albert did n't want to look .   He stared straight ahead as he walked .
Albert sang this song to himself :   Halloween is frightening , Monsters everywhere !   And each time I look around , Boo !   Another scare !
Albert and his mother arrived at school and walked inside the classroom .   Brendan bounced up from behind a table and shouted , " Boo ! "   Albert jumped .
" Hey , everybody ! " Brendan shouted .   " I just scared Albert .   Is n't that funny ? "   " No , it 's not funny , " Albert said as he turned away .   " Brendan , I see that you 're ready for Halloween , " Albert 's mother said .   " Yes , " Brendan said .   " I 'm going to be a big monster with a scary pumpkin head .   And when I go trick - or - treating , I 'll get five million bags of candy . "   " Did you hear that ? " asked Albert 's mother .   " Brendan is going to be a scary monster on Halloween . "   " I do n't care , " Albert said softly .
Mrs. Dee told the class that it was time to gather on the rug .   Albert quickly kissed his mother good - bye and slowly joined the other children .   After singing their " Good Morning " song , Mrs. Dee asked the children what they were going to be for Halloween .   Everyone started talking at once .
" We need to take turns , " said Mrs. Dee .   " Then I 'll be able to understand what you 're saying .   Let 's start with Tara . "   " I 'm going to be a construction worker ! " Tara said excitedly .   " I 'm going to wear a big belt with all kinds of tools . "   The other children followed .
" I 'm going to be a zooming astronaut ! " said Joshua .   " I 'm going to be a beautiful mermaid ! " said Danielle .
" I 'm going to be a dancing ballerina ! " said Tracy .   " I 'm going to be a scary monster ! " said Brendan .
Then , it was time for Albert to speak .   " I 'm not going to be anything , " he said sadly .   " Why not ? " asked Mrs. Dee .   " I do n't like Halloween , " Albert replied .   " I 'm just going to stay home . "   Mrs. Dee dismissed the other children their free - play activities .   Then she turned to Albert and asked , " Why do n't you like Halloween ? "
" Because I 'm afraid of monsters , " Albert replied .   " But Albert , monsters are just make - believe , " said Mrs. Dee .   " Not on Halloween , " said Albert sadly .   " on Halloween , monsters are real . "
Mrs. Dee watched as Albert walked over to the art table .   He started drawing a face with crayons .   At first , the face looked friendly .   Then , it became scarier and scarier .   Mrs. Dee sat down and watched Albert draw .   " That 's an interesting face , " Mrs. Dee said .   " Do you want to tell me about it ? "   " It 's a mean monster face , " Albert said .   " You know , Albert , " Mrs. Dee said , " if there were holes where the eyes are , you would have a Halloween mask . "
" Really ? " Albert asked .   " Could you make the holes ? "   " Of course , " Mrs. Dee replied .   Mrs. Dee took a pair of scissors from the art shelf and cut out circles around the eyes of Albert 's drawing .   " Now let 's go to a mirror , " Mrs. Dee suggested .
Albert and Mrs. Dee went over to the full - length mirror in the dramatic play area .   Albert put the picture in front of his face as he looked in the mirror .   " It 's a scary monster ! " he shouted as he quickly took the mask away from his face .
" No , Albert , " said Mrs. Dee . " It 's you wearing the mask you drew .   There 's no monster here . "   Albert put the mask in front of his face .   Then he took it off .   Then he put it on again .   Then off .   Then on .   " There 's no monster here , " Albert said .   " It 's only me wearing a monster mask . "   " That 's right ! " said Mrs. Dee .   " And on Halloween night … "   " There are no monsters , " interrupted Albert .   " Only children wearing monster masks and scary costumes . "
Albert put the drawing in from of his face and skipped over to Brendan in the blocks area .   " Boo ! " Albert yelled as he stood in front of Brendan .   " Oh , no ! " Brendan said , running away .   " It 's a big monster !   And he 's going to eat me up ! "
Albert put his mask down and laughed .   " It 's only me , " he said .   " I 'm not a monster . "   Brendan walked back to Albert .   " I knew it was you , " Brendan said .   " I was only pretending to be scared . "
Mrs. Dee joined them .   " How do you feel about Halloween now ? " she asked .   " I ca n't wait , " Albert replied .   " I 'll go trick - or - treating wearing the monster mask we made .   I 'll yell ' Boo ! ' louder than anyone else .   It will be so much fun ! "   Then Albert sang a new song :   I wo n't see any monster When I 'm out on Halloween - Just children wearing scary masks , Whose faces ca n't be seen .

My name is Max . I am not a dog .
I am a great hunter . I love to hunt dinosaurs . I hunt with my ears .
I hunt with my eyes . I hunt with my nose .
No dinosaurs .
I have an idea . I will go outside .
What can I take ?
This is too much .
I take what I need .
So I hunt and I hunt and I hunt and I hunt .
I do n't give up . What is this ? It 's a dinosaur bone !
A great hunter knows where to look .
I spy an eye .
I see a head in the flower bed . I see a rib .
I see a knee . Here is a neck .
Here are hips . Here are two lips .
Teeth help him tear and rip .
Here is a claw .
Here is a jaw . Here is a toenail .
Here is a long green tail .
Part by part , step by step , the dinosaur stands .
Part by part , step by step , the dinosaur comes alive .
He walks again .

There 's a quake and a quiver and a rumbling around .
It makes you shiver . It 's a thundery sound .   Shake , shake , shudder …  near the sludgy old swamp . The dinosaurs are coming get ready to romp .
Donk ! Donk ! Donk ! Here 's Triceratops jumping UP and DOWN ding dinosaur hops .
He wears three horns on his big , bony head , and blunders along with a BOMP ! BOMP ! tread . Shake , shake , shudder …  near the sludgy old swamp . The dinosaurs are coming . Get ready to romp .
Watch out for Deinosuchus with her snip - snap grin , as she perches on her tail and twists in a spin .
Apatosaurus stops for a slushy , mushy snack . His tail starts swinging with a Thwack ! Thwack ! Thwack ! Shake , shake , shudder …  near the sludgy old swamp . The dinosaurs are coming . Get reedy to romp .
Pteranodon dives with a swift , sharp swoop . He shrieks out an Eeeeeek as he swirls in a loop .
Stegosaurus stomps along with lots of her playmates . Clatter ! Clatter ! Clatter ! go their bony back plates . Shake , shake , shudder …  near the sludgy old swamp . The dinosaurs are coming . Get ready to romp .
Stracosaurus shakes his collar and his spikes . Rattle ! Rattle ! Rattle ! is the noise that he likes !
A pack of Deinonychuses go running by fast with a Zoom ! Zoom ! Zoom ! so they wo n't be the last . Shake , shake , shudder …  near the sludgy old swamp . The dinosaurs are coming . Get ready to romp .
Donk ! Bomp ! Snip Snap Twist ! Thwack ! Eeeeeek !
Clatter ! Rattle ! Zoom ! Xoom ! Come and take a peek …  Shake , shake , shudder …  near the sludgy old swamp . Everybody 's doing the dinosaur romp .
ROOAAARRRR … ! Roar ! Roar ! Roar ! What 's making that sound ? The dinosaurs stop and there 's silence around .
Roar ! Roar ! Roar ! Now we 're shivering with fright . What can make a noise like that in the night ?
Tyrannosaurus crashes in , gnashing his jaws . Wallop ! on the ground go his big back claws .
He 's huge and he 's heavy , but all he wants to do ...
is join in the romp- so why do n't you ?
Shake , shake , shudder …  near the sludgy old swamp . Everybody 's doing the dinosaur romp .
Get romping with T - Rex and STOMP ! STOMP ! STOMP ! Wave your arms madly , make your feet go BOMP !
The dinosaurs wo n't scratch us , or bite us , or thump us . They just want to be holler up a ...
Dinosau
rumpus ! Shake , shake , shudder near the sludgy old swamp . Everybody 's doing the dinosaur romp .
A dinosaurumpus gives a sizzle ! and a zing
It makes you want to shout , jump , jiggle and sing . Shake , shake , shudder …  near the sludgy old swamp . Everybody 's doing the dinosaur romp .
But soon all the rompers grow sleepy and slow .
The rumpus calms down and the sound drops low .
The rompers drift together and tumble in a heap ...
till finally the dinosaurs are all fast asleep . And now the only noise in the deep on the night is
dinosaur - snoring till the next day 's light .

Millions of years ago prehistoric trucks roamed the earth .
They were Huge .
They were Hungry .
But they were n't helpful like they are today .
They rumbled , roared , and chomped .
And they did not get along well with others ,
They were called . . .
Dinotrux
Chris Gall
The earth was fiery and dangerous .
Volcanoes shot lava everywhere .
Cave people ran for their lives -
and tar pits could swallow them whole .
Dinotrux ruled the world !
Look ! High in the branches . . .
Craneosaurus !
He was always sticking his nose
where it did n't belong .
Crack , munch .
Look out , birds , it 's time for lunch !
Crack ! Bonk ! Dozeratops had no patience . Trees and boulders - get out of the way !
Dumploducus was a litterbug .
Delicious !
There goes Rollodon !
He never watches where he 's going .
Garbageadon
ate everything in sight .
That rascal Digasaurus used his shovel wherever he pleased .
Oh , those Deliveradons . . . napping when they should have been working .
Dinotrux sure were stinky .
When the belly of the Cementosaurus
growled and his stomach turned . . . pee - yoo ! !
And Blacktopadon ?
Do n't even ask ! He always had to go .
Firesaurus was so hot tempered , he snacked on raw lava !
Burp ! Burp ! Burp ! Let 's have a barbecue !
Rumble ! Rumble ! Rumble !
A Semisaur stampede ! All night long , always in a hurry . . .
Everybody run !
Hoooooooooonk !
Boom ! Boom ! Boom ! Look out it 's the bully of the jungle !
Get away , Tankersaurus - Do n't spill on his foot !
Tyrannosaurus Trux !
Chomping , rolling , digging ,
Honking . . . the Dinotrux ruled for a million years or more .
But one day , there was a flash of light and a terrible storm .
Dinotrux everywhere wheezed and sneezed .
Most began to rust .
They slowly sank into the goo and mud .
Aaaa - chooooo !
Down , down , down . . .
But the smart ones went south in search of better weather .
And over the hundreds and thousands and millions of years ,
They shed their teeth and their toenails
and their misbehaving ways .
Come on , Dinotrux , lend a hand !
Good work , Dinotrux !
Now they 're always on the job . . .
And they never , ever quit !

Out upon the briny deep , where the wild and wet winds blow ,
There sailed a cruel and evil an , the pirate Dirty Joe .
He sailed upon the scummiest craft that ever left the docks .
He roamed the world and seven seas in search of dirty socks .
His one good eye surveyed the seas , searching for some ship ,
And when he spied a boat out there , he 'd sneer and lick his lips .
" All hands on deck , " he 'd order . " There 's treasure to be had ! "
He 'd shake his one fist in the air and laugh like he were mad .
He 'd fire a cannon ' cross their bow and board the other craft ,
Then make the crew take off their shoes , and with a horrid laugh .
He 'd tie the sailors all up tight and rob them of their socks ,
Then leave their ship a - floundering to run up on the rocks .
The socks he took from other ships , you 'll be surprised to learn ,
He tied upon his rigging lines that stretched from bow to stern .
They flapped and fluttered in the breeze , five hundred little flags-
And the smell that those old socks gave off was enough to make you gag .
Till one day , as he sailed his ship somewhere near Mandalay ,
His lookout spied another boat beating ' cross the bay .
" Ah ha ! " said Joe . " Let 's get that boat . We 'll catch her now , by thunder .
For sure as I am Dirty Joe , there 's socks there we can plunder . "
The pirates cheered and set the sails to catch up with their prey .
They sharpened up their knives and swords , their boat danced in the spray .
But suddenly the cheering stopped . The wind , it gave a moan ,
For on the other ship there flew a flag of skull and bones .
From mast to mast , from bow to stern , flying everywhere
There flapped and snapped five hundred pairs of pilfered underwear-
Boxers big and boxers small , with stripes and polka dots ,
And tighty - whities hung there too , like the ones your grandpa 's got .
Lined up on that other deck , armed with swords and knives ,
Was a sight that made the men all shake and fear for their own lives .
One hundred pirate women waved their daggers and their swords ,
And a woman pirate captain yelled , " Girls , let 's climb aboard ! "
" It 's Stinky Annie , " someone said , " and her band of smelly varmints .
She captures every boat she can and takes their undergarments . "
" Then all is lost , " another said . " We have n't got a chance
You ca n't be a pirate if you do n't have underpants . "
" You lily - livered lunks of lard , " lashed out Dirty Joe .
" What sort of pirates are you lads ? That 's what I want to know .
We 'll show them , we 'll take their ship , we 'll tie them up ! " he roared .
" We 'll take their socks and sneakers , too , and throw them overboard ! "
The pirates there with Dirty Joe screamed and cheered and yelled .
Someone blew a whistle , someone rang a bell .
As the boats drew near , the pirates cursed and muttered ,
While a thousand pairs of underwear and socks all flapped and fluttered .
And as their ships came closer still , Joe 's men could all see
That Stinky Annie was as scary - looking as could be .
Her mouth was twisted in a sneer , one arm was but a hook ,
And with her one good evil eye she gave a withering look .
Finally the two ships met . On the waves they rocked .
" Get them now , boys , " Joe cried out . " Take off all their socks ! "
But even as the men attacked the women waiting there ,
Stinky Ann called to her crew , " Girls - get their underwear ! "
It was an awful battle , a loud and raucous fray-
At first first it seemed that Dirty Joe would win and have his way .
Until Joe 's first mate noticed that Stinky Annie 's crew
All were fighting barefoot - they had no socks or shoes .
" What 's the point ? " a man called out . " Why make all this fuss ?
If we ca n't get their dirty socks , what 's in it for us ? "
" No ! " screamed Joe . " Do n't give up now ! " But he spoke the words too late ,
And Stinky Annie and her crew quickly sealed their fate .
Stinky Annie came aboard and cornered Dirty Joe .
She said , " I want your boxers now , in case you did n't know . "
Then Dirty Joe looked up and said , " Before you have your fun ,
Your face looks quite familiar , you remind me of someone . "
Stinky Annie lowered her sword . They peered at one another .
" Wait , " she said . " I see it now - you 're Joe , my little brother . "
" That 's right , " said Joe . " You 're sister Ann , you bounced me on your knee .
Put down your sword , give up this fight . Please do n't do this to me ! "
Stinky Annie gave a smile , a tear came to her eye .
All her crew looked on in awe . They 'd never seen her cry .
" Little Joey , how are you ? " she asked . " How have you been ? "
" I 'm just fine , dear sister Ann , " he said , and gave a grin .
" Good , " said Annie , " that 's great news . " Her one eye shone and danced .
" Now do just what I say , you squirt . I want your underpants . "
" But Annie , you 're my sister . " Joe blubbered and he whined .
" Stow it , Joey , " Annie said . " I have n't got the time . "
" Just 'cause I 'm your sister , it does n't mean I care .
I 'm a pirate - that 's me job - I want your underwear . "
So Dirty Joe surrendered and did what his sister said .
And when he did , it 's safe it say , more than his face was red .
Stinky Annie sailed away , and still she roams the seas ,
With her brother 's boxers high above , flapping in the breeze .
And Dirty Joe , he sailed home , close to the Bay of Fundy .
He 's not a pirate anymore , because he has no undies .
That 's the finish of this tale . It 's silly and it 's done .
But there 's a lesson here that I 'd impart to everyone :
If you 've got an older sister , then I feel bad for you ,
'Cause just as long as she 's alive , she 'll tell you what to do .

Easter has arrived ! Princesses everywhere are enjoying the spring season .
Snow White does some spring cleaning . The dwarfs help her scrub , dust , and mop . Soon the cottage is sparking inside and out !
Belle is planting flowers in the Beast 's garden .
Mrs. Potts pitches in and gives the flowers a drink .
Rapunzel paints Easter decorations on the tower walls .
Pascal blends in nicely with the springtime colors !
Merida hides Easter eggs for her brothers .
Uh - oh ! It looks as though they 've already found some chocolates !
Scuttle has an Easter surprise from the human world .
The little mermaid is n't sure what it is , but she loves it !
Cinderella makes Easter bonnets for all her friends .
Now they are ready for a parade !
Tina bakes a sweet Easter treat !

On a dark night in a faraway land , an evil man named Jafar and his wicked parrot were waiting . Soon a thief named Gazeem rode up to them and held out the missing half of a scarab medallion . When Jafar fit the two halves together , thunder rumbled . In a flash of lightening , the medallion raced across the desert .
Jafar and the thief followed the medallion to the Cave of Wonders . " Gazeem , bring me the magic lamp , " Jafar ordered . But the thief did n't make it beyond the opening of the cave . The tiger - god of the cave devoured him . The tiger - god spoke . " Only one who is worthy may enter here ! "
The next morning a poor , hungry young man named Aladdin and his pet monkey , Abu , were sitting on a rooftop . They were looking down on the marketplace of Agrabah . Suddenly Aladdin noticed a lovely young woman . She seemed lost .
She took an apple from a vendor 's cart . When the angry vendor demanded payment , which the young woman did n't have , Aladdin and Abu rushed down to help her . " Thank you , kind sir ! " Aladdin said to the vendor . " Thank you for finding my sister . " He quickly led the young woman away .
" This is your first time in the marketplace , is n't it ? " asked Aladdin . " I 'm running away , " the young woman explained . " My father is trying to force me to get married . " Suddenly the palace guards appeared and arrested Aladdin . When the young woman demanded that they release Aladdin , the guards found out htath she was Princess Jasmine , the Sultan 's daughter . The guards explained to her that Jafar , her father 's adviser , had ordered Aladdin 's capture .
Princess Jasmine returned to the palace and ordered Jafar to release Aladdin . Jafar told her that the young man had been killed . But Aladdin was not dead . Jafar was keeping him alive because he had learned that Aladdin was the only person worthy to enter the Cave of Wonders . It was Aladdin who could bring the magic lamp to Jafar . Then , at last , Jafar would use it to become Sultan .
Disguised as an old man , JAfar took Aladdin to the Cave of Wonders . The sleeping tiger - god awoke . " Proceed , " he said . " Touch nothing but the lamp . " Aladdin and Abu gasped as they saw all the gold and jewels in the cavern . " Do n't touch anything , Abu ! " Aladdin warned . Then , just as Aladdin found the magic lamp and scooped it up , Abu touched a huge , glittering jewel . With a loud rumble , the cave began to collapse . Frantic , Aladdin and Abu scrambled back toward the entrance , where Jafar was waiting . " Help me ! " shouted Aladdin . But Jafar refused , and Aladdin and Abu tumbled back down into the dark cavern .
Aladdin reared they were trapped forever . But Abu still had the lamp ! Aladdin took the old lamp and tried to rub off some of the dust . Poof ! In a flash of colorful , swirling smoke , a gigantic genie appeared . " Say , you do n't look like my last master , " he said to Aladdin . " But you still have three wishes - and no wishing for more wishes . "
Aladdin was stunned . Three wishes ! He intended to make good use of them , but first he tricked the Genie into whisking them out of the cave on a magic carpet . Unsure of what to wish for first , Aladdin asked the Genie what he would wish for . Surprised at the question , the Genie replied , " I would wish for freedom ! " So Aladdin promised to use his third wish to set the Genie free . But his first wish was to be a prince - so that he could marry Princess Jasmine .
At the same time , in the palac at Agrabah , Jafar had used his serpent staff to hypnotize the Sultan . The poor Sultan was about to agree that Jafar could marry Jasmine . Suddenly they heard the sounds of a parade . The spell was broken , and the Sultan rushed to the balcony in time to see the arrival of a grand prince . It was Aladdin ! The Genie had granted the young man 's first wish
Aladdin entered the throne room . " Your Majesty , " he said , bowing to the Sultan . " I am Prince Ali Ababwa . I have come to seek your daughter 's hand in marriage . " The Sultan was thrilled . The law stated that Jasmine must marry a prince before her next birthday - which was only days away . But the princess did not want to marry Prince Ali . She was not in love with him .
Prince Ali offered the princess a ride on his magic carpet , hoping to win her love . During the magical journey , Princess Jasmine realized that Prince Ali was the young man who had rescued her in the marketplace . That starry night Aladdin and Princess Jasmine fell in love .
But later that night , Jafar had Prince Ali captured and thrown into the sea . He was making sure that Prince Alie would not marry Jasmine and foil Jafar 's own evil plans . Luckily , Aladdin had the magic lamp with him . He summoned the Genie and asked for his second wish - to save his life ! The Genie quikcly transported Aladdin back to the palace in Agrabah .
Now that Prince Ali was out of the way , Jafar was determined to marry Princess Jasmine . " I will never marry you , Jafar ! " cried Jasmine . " Papa , I choose Prince Ali!"But once again the Sultan was under Jafar 's spell , and he ordered his daughter to marry Jafar . The Princess was suspicious . " Papa , what 's wrong with you ? " she asked .
Suddenly , Aladdin burst into the throne room and smpashed Jafar 's serpent staff . " He 's been controlling you with this , Your Highness ! " said Aladdin . Immediately the spell was broken . " Traitor ! " shouted the Sultan . " Guards , arrest Jafar ! " But before the guards could capture him , Jafar escaped to his secret laboratory .
Despite his hasty exit , Jafar had seen that Prince Ali was carrying the magic lamp . Prince Ali was really Aladdin ! Jafar ordered Iago , his parrot , to steal the lamp . When Iago returned , Jafar made the Genie appear . " I wish to be Sultan ! " he demanded .
The moment had come for the Sultan to announce the wedding of Princess Jasmine and Prince Ali Ababwa . A cheering crowd had gathered in front of the palace . Suddenly Jafar appeared - in the Sultan 's robes ! The crowd gasped . " Genie , what have you done ? " Aladdin shouted . " Sorry , kid , " said the Genie sadly . " I 've got a new master now . "
Then Jafar made his second wish . He wanted to be the most powerful sorcerer in the world . Jafar the sorcerer lost no time in turning Prince Ali back into Aladdin . Jasmine could n't believe her eyes . " Jasmine , I 'm sorry ! " cried Aladdin . " I 'm not a prince . I ca n't marry you . "
Finally Jafar panished Aladdin to the ends of the earth . When Aladdin found himself a million miles from nowhere , he was glad that Abu and the magic carpet were still with him . " Back to Agrabah ! " he shouted to the carpet . " As fast as you can ! "
Jafar was in the palace throne room , enjoying his newfound power , when Aladdin appeared . " How many times do I have to destroy you , boy ? " he roared . " You cowardly snake ! " Aladdin snapped . " Cowardly snake ? " shouted Jafar . With a loud hiss , he turned himself into a giant cobra . " Without the Genie , boy , you 're nothing , " said Jafar , laughing
Looking up at the power - hungry Jafar , Aladdin got an idea . " The Genie has more power than you 'll ever have ! " he jeered . " Yes , yes - s - s , " hissed Jafar . " You 're right . I 'm ready to make my third wish . I wish to be a genie . " The moment Jafar turned into a genie , Aladdin smiled . Jafar had forgotten that a genie must live in a lamp . He and Iago disappeared into their own magic lamp .
The Sultan was overjoyed . That very day he changed the law so that Jasmine could marry the man she chose . And she chose Aladdin ! And what did Aladdin do with his third wish ? He kept his promise and wished for the Genie 's freedom . " Look out , world ! " exclaimed the Genie . " Here I come . I 'm free ! "

Emma came home from school . Dixie wagged her tail . Dixie was happy to see Emma . " I have a big project to do , " Emma told Dixie .
Emma went to find her mom . " Tomorrow it is my turn to bring a snack for my class . I want to make something special , " said Emma .
" How about oatmeal spice cookies ? " said Emma 's mom .
Emma and her mom went to the kitchen . Emma got the flour and the eggs . Her mom got the sugar and spices .
" Wash your hands before we start , " said Emma 's mom . " And please do n't make such a mess . "
Emma 's mom cracked the eggs . Emma was about to mix in the sugar and cinnamon when Dixie ran back into the room . Dixie barked . Dixie jumped . Dixie bumped into the table
and knocked over everything ! " Dixie ! You made a giant mess ! " Emma said .
Emma and her mom cleaned up and started all over again . When all the cookies were ready , they put them in the oven .
It was almost bedtime by the time the cookies were done . Emma 's mom helped her put them into fancy bags for everyone .
The next day , Emma was excited as she got ready for school . Dixie wagged her tail . Emma left some cookies at home and took the rest to school .
After Emma left , Dixie sniffed the food .
Dixie grabbed a bag off the counter and ripped it open .
Just then , Emma 's mom came in . Dixie spit out the cookies she took . " Uh - oh . If Dixie does n't like them , something must be wrong , " said Emma 's mom .
Emma 's mom tasted a cookie . They were very spicy ! She opened the cinnamon and realized it was n't cinnamon at all ! It was superheat pepper ! The spices had gotten all mixed up when they fell .
Meanwhile , at school , Emma 's class was ready for snack time . They had finished a hard math lesson .
The bags of snacks were on the table . Emma 's cookies looked yummy .
Just then , the door swung open . Emma 's mom came into the room . Dixie ran after her .
Dixie barked . Dixie leaped . Dixie jumped on the table . Bags of cookies flew everywhere !
" No , Dixie ! Get down ! " cried Emma . But it was too late . The room was a mess . Her snacks were ruined .
" Dixie was trying to help , " said Emma 's mom . " The cookies are bad . " Emma 's mom told her that the spices had gotten mixed up .
" Dixie saved the day ! " said Emma 's friend Amy . Dixie barked . " But what about snack time ? " Emma asked .
" Do n't worry , " said her mom . " I made some the right way ! " The class cheered .
They all ate the new batch of cookies . When they were done , the teacher said , " Let 's go outside ! " They all ran to the playground .
" It 's time for the relay race , " said Emma 's teacher . " Emma , Dixie can be on your team . " All the ids ran in the race , but Emma and Dixie won !

Today was an important day . Dixie was going to school with Emma .
" Come on , Dixie , " said Emma . " I do n't want to be late for Pet day ! "
Dixie yipped . She yapped . Dixie did n't want to be late either .
Dixie trotted by Emma 's side all the way to school . " You must be good today , " said Emma " No howling or baking . "
Dixie wanted to do as Emma said . She would try her very best . But it was hard ! " Dixie ! " called Emma when Dixie ran after a chipmunk .
Emma brought Dixie to her classroom . Dixie had never seen so many animals all at once !
There were hamsters and turtles and kittens and lizards . " It 's a zoo in here ! " Emma laughed .
" It 's time for Pet Day to begun , " said Emma 's teacher . " Would anyone like to bring his or her pet to the front of the class ? "
Matt brought his goldfish . Dixie wagged her tail . Thump , thump , thump ! " Shhh , " said Emma .
Anna showed the class her ant farm . Dixie let out a little yelp . " Shhh , " said Emma .
Jason showed off his pet frog . " Arrooooooooo ! " Dixie howled happily . " Shhh ! " said Emma .
" Emma , it looks like your pet has something to say , " said Emma 's teacher .
" This is Dixie , " said Emma . " She loves all animals , and she wants everyone to know that ! " Dixie yipped and yapped . She agreed .
" Now let 's walk around the room and meet all the other pets , " said the teacher . Emma saw a girl she did n't know very well .
The girl had a big cage on her desk with two small birds inside .
" Hi , " Emma said . " I 'm Emma . I like your birds . " " Thanks , " said the girl .
" I 'm Amy . I just moved here . And these are Nate and Kate . How old is your dog ? " asked Amy .
Emma told Amy all about Dixie . " Dixie is so cute , " said Amy . " Look at how she 's making friends with Nate and Kate . "
Emma and Amy laughed . Dixie was watching the birds . Whenever Nate and Kate chirped , Dixie wagged her tail .
Dixie wanted to get a closer look . She bumped the bird cage with her nose . The cage door flew open . Nate and Kate flew out !
" Oh no ! " said Amy . " Dixie ! " yelled Emma . " What did you do ? "
Everyone tried to catch the birds . Emma closed all the windows . Amy closed the doors . The teacher tried to catch the birds with a butterfly net .
But Nate and Kate kept flying all around the room ! " This is awful , Dixie , " said Emma .
Dixie watched . She felt very bad . Dixie let out a sad little yelp to let Amy know she was sorry .
Just then , Nate and Kate swooped down . They landed right on top of Dixie !
Dixie trotted carefully back to the bird cage . Nate and Kate did n't even try to fly off her back .
Dixie yipped . She yapped . Nate and Kate chirped and cooed . " Dixie saved the day ! " said Amy .
" Looks like Dixie made some new friends , " said Emma . " Yes , " said Amy . " And so did I ! "

Emma loved to run . Dixie loved to run , too . " Come on , Dixie , " Emma said . " Come and see my track team run . "
Dixie yipped . She yapped .
Dixie did n't want to watch . She wanted to run .
Today , Emma was going to run a relay race .
" I will run the last part of the race , " Emma told Dixie . " You ca n't run with me . But you can cheer for me ! "
" Be good , Dixie , " said Emma . " Sit . Stay . Cheer . "
Dixie sat beside the track to watch . She wanted to run . But she had to be good . She knew what todo . Sit Stay . Cheer .
" On your mark ! " said the coach . " Get set ! Go ! " The first runners took off ! Each runner carried a stick .
Dixie watcher Emma 's team . Her legs shook . Dixie wanted to run . She wanted that stick .
The first runner ran one lap . The she handed the stick to the next runner on the team .
The kids ran fast . Dixie could run fast , too ! But she had to be good . Sit . Stay . Cheer .
The second runner passed the stick and the third runner took off .
Emma lined up . It was her turn to run . Dixie stood up to watch .
Emma got the stick . She ran !
Dixie opened her mouth . She took a deep breath . It was time to cheer !
Howwoooowwoooo
Everyone heard Dixie cheering . Everyone turned to look at Dixie . Emma turned , too .
Oh , no ! Emma tripped ! The stick flew out of her hand !
Dixie had to be good . She had to sit and stay . But she had to help Emma !
Dixie did not sit . She did not stay . Dixie ran to Emma .
She picked up the stick in her teeth , and she ran ! Dixie ran as fast as she could !
Dixie heard the cheers . She kept on running . Dixie saw the finish line . She kept on running . Dixie crossed the finish line with the stick in her teeth !
" Dixie , you did not sit , " said Emma . " You did not stay . " Dixie hung her head .
Emma patted Dixie 's head . " But it 's okay , " she said . " Thank you for running to help me . "
Emma smiled . " And Dixie , " she said , " you won the race ! "

Dixie is Emma 's puppy .   Every day , Dixie waits for Emma to come home from school .
Dixie and Emma eat snacks .   They play games .
Everywhere Emma goes , Dixie goes , too .
Dixie yipped .   She yapped .   She grabbed the papers from Emma 's hand .
" I need those papers , " said Emma .   " They have the lines for my part !   Now be quiet , Dixie . "
All day long , Emma read her lines .   Dixie tried to be good .   She sat by Emma , quiet as can be .   She did not yip or yap or grab .   It was hard !
" There 's no place like home , " Emma read out loud .   Then she put down the papers .   " Woof ! " Dixie barked .   Maybe it was time to play !
But Emma frowned at Dixie .   " I want to be Dorothy so badly , " she said .   " What if I do n't get the part ? "
The next day , Dixie waited for Emma .   " Look ! " Emma ran to Dixie .   She held up ruby slippers .   " I got the part !   I 'm Dorothy ! " said Emma .   " And you get to be my dog , Toto . "
Dixie wagged her tail .   " All you have to do is follow me everywhere , " Emma told her .   Emma was happy !
Dixie ran .   She jumped .   Dixie could not sit still for one more minute !   Dixie leaped in the air .
CRASH !   Dixie tipped over games .   She knocked down books .   " Dixie !   Stop ! " Emma shouted .   " I still have to study .   The play is in three days . "
Each day that week , Emma studied in her room .   Each day , Dixie tried to play .   But Emma always said , " No , Dixie ! "
What could Dixie do ?   She pulled out clothes .   She chewed and chomped .   " Dixie ! " Emma shouted .   " This is a mess and I need quiet .   The play is tomorrow ! "
" What if I forget my lines ? " Emma whispered .   " What if I mess up ? "   She turned her back to Dixie and picked up the papers to study .
Not again !   It was too much .   Dixie had to do something !   She grabbed a ruby slipper and ran out of the room .
" Dixie ! " Emma shouted .   " Bring that back ! "   But Dixie did n't .   he hid the shoe .   Then Dixie hid , too .
Emma looked and looked .   She could n't find the slipper anywhere .   At last , she got ready for bed .
Emma was too upset to go to sleep .   " The play will be awful ! " she sobbed .   " I do n't have my shoe .   I do n't have my dog .   And I know I will forget my lines ! "
Dixie crept closer .   Emma was upset !   Dixie had to do something .   " Woof ! "   Dixie took the shoe to Emma .   " Dixie ! " said Emma .   She held Dixie close .
" I really do know my lines , " Emma told Dixie .   " Everything will be perfect . "   Together , they fell asleep .
The next night was the play .   Emma was Dorothy , and Dixie was Toto .   Everywhere Emma went , Dixie went , too !
When it was over everyone clapped for a long time .   Dixie barked and barked .   But Emma did n't teller to stop .   Everything was perfect .
Back at home , Emma and Dixie had a snack .   Then they played and played .
" There really is no place like home ! " Emma said .   Dixie licked Emma 's face .   She thought so , too !

Papa Brown Bear and Little Brown Bear were playing in a meadow in Bear Valley . " What do you want to do now ? " asked Little Brown Bear . " I 'd like you , " said Papa Brown Bear , " to do your ABC 's . "
" Hurray ! " said Little Brown Bear . He reached up and plucked fruit from a branch . " A is for Apple ! " he said . " Good choice ! " said Papa Brown Bear .
" What comes next ? " " B is for Ball ! " said Little Brown Bear . He threw a baseball smack into Papa 's nose - bonk !
" You 're supposed to catch it , " said Little Brown Bear . " C is for Catch ! Now throw it to me , Papa ! " Papa Brown Bear tossed the ball , and . . . " Yippee ! I caught it ! " yelled Little Brown Bear .
He hopped and skipped . " D is for Dance ! " said Little Brown Bear . Little Brown Bear and Papa Brown Bear did a silly dance in the meadow .
" I 'm hungry , " said Little Brown Bear . " Why do n't you eat your apple ? " said Papa Brown Bear . " E is for Eat ! " said Little Brown Bear . " Yum ! "
" All done , " he said . " Let 's take this shortcut - because F is for Fence ! " Up and over they went .
" G is for Grass ! Grass fight ! " yelled Little Brown Bear . He threw a pawful at Papa Brown Bear . " Gotcha ! " said Papa Brown Bear , throwing a pawful back .
" Watch me ! " said Little Brown Bear . " I 'm going to hit this ball , because H is for Hit ! " Whack ! They chased the ball toward the stream .
" I is for Icy ! " said Little Brown Bear when he and Papa sat down by the stream . " This water is too cold for my toes ! " " But it 's great for drinking ! Yum ! " Papa Brown Bear slurped .
" J is for Joke ! " Little Brown Bear said . " I know a good one ! What kind of shoes does a bear wear ? " " I give up , " said Papa . " Bears do n't wear shoes , " said Little Brown Bear . " They go Bear - footed ! " Papa Brown Bear laughed .
" The wind is blowing hard ! " said Papa Brown Bear . " K is for Kite ! " said Little Brown Bear . " Let 's go fly mine ! " And they ran to the open field and sailed it high in the breeze .
When he got tired of running , Little Brown Bear said , " L is for Lap ! " and he climbed into Papa 's lap . " Tell me a story , Papa ! " Papa Brown Bear told him his favorite tale .
" M is for More ! Tell me another story ! " cried Little Brown Bear . " One is enough for now , " said Papa Brown Bear . " Let 's go play in the forest . "
" N is for Nuts ! " said Little Brown Bear . " Look at all the acorns on the ground ! " Little Brown Bear and Papa Brown Bear found the perfect acorns for making acorn - hat whistles . Tweet ! Tweet !
" O is for Oak tree ! " said Little Brown Bear . " I 'm going to climb to the top ! " When he reached the highest branch , Papa Brown Bear asked , " What can you see from up there ? " " P is for Pond ! " said Little Brown Bear . " I can see the pond across the meadow ! "
Little Brown Bear climbed down to the ground and said , " Let 's go to the pond ! " On the way there , Papa Brown Bear pointed at a bird and said,"Hush ! " " Q is for Quiet ! " said Little Brown Bear in his softest voice .
The quail fluttered away , and Little Brown Bear said , " R is for Race ! Betcha ca n't catch me ! " he hollered as they ran to the pond .
" S is for Swim ! " he said . Splash ! Splash ! Splash ! Papa jumped in after him . " Cannonball ! " he yelled . Splash .
" T is for Towel ! " said Little Brown Bear as Papa Brown Bear wrapped him snug and warm . " It 's going to rain ! " said Papa Brown Bear . " Let 's make a dash for it ! "
" Up ! " said Little Brown Bear . " U is for Up ! " And Papa Brown Bear gave him a piggyback ride all the way home in the rain .
After supper , Papa Brown Bear said , " Time for bed ! " " V is for Vroom ! " said Little Brown Bear . He spread his arms like airplane wings and sped around the room . " Come back , you little rascal ! " hollered Papa .
" W is for Wrestle ! " cried Little Brown Bear , and he made a flying tackle . " Give up ? " asked Little Brown Bear , pinning Papa down . " I give up ! " said Papa Brown Bear .
" Now off to bed ! " he said . " Not before we finish the ABC 's ! " said Little Brown Bear . " But I do n't know any X words . " " There 's a toy in the corner that begins with X , " said Papa . " Oh year ! X is for Xylophone ! "
Papa Brown Bear yawned while Little Brown Bear banged on the xylophone . " Y is for Yawn ! " Little Brown Bear said , and his mouth stretched wide open . Papa Brown Bear helped him into his pajamas .
" And Z is for . . . " said Little Brown Bear . " Zip it ! " Papa interrupted . " I 'm bushed ! Now go to bed ! " " Okay , Papa . Good night ! " said Little Brown Bear . " Good night , " said Papa Brown Bear . And Little Brown Bear climbed into bed . . .
and zipped off to sleep .

Doctor De Soto , the dentist , did very good work , so he had no end of patients . Those close to his own size -- moles , chipmunks , et cetera -- sat in the regular dentist 's chair . Larger animals sat on the floor , while Doctor De Soto stood on the ladder .
For extra - large animals , he had a special room . There Doctor De Soto was hoisted up to the patient 's mouth by his assistant , who also happened to be his wife .
Doctor De Soto was especially popular with the big animals . He was able to work inside their mouths , wearing rubbers to keep his feet dry ; and his fingers were so delicate , and his drill so dainty , they could hardly feel any pain .
Being a mouse , he refused to treat animals dangerous to mice , and it said so on his sign . When the doorbell rang , he and his wife would look out the window . They would n't admit even the most timid - looking cat .
One day , when they looked out , they saw a well - dressed fox with a flannel bandage around his jaw .
" I can not treat you , sir ! " Doctor De Soto shouted . " Sir ! Have n't you read my sign ? "
" Please ! " the fox wailed . " Have mercy , I 'm suffering ! " And he wept so bitterly it was painful to see .
" Just a moment , " said Doctor De Soto . " That poor fox , " he whispered to his wife . " What shall we do ? " " Let 's risk it , " said Mrs. De Soto . She pressed the buzzer and let the fox in .
He was up the stairs in a flash . " Bless your little hearts , " he cried , falling to his knees . " I beg you ,
" Sit on the floor , sir , " said Doctor De Soto , " and remove the bandage , please . "
Doctor De Soto climbed up the ladder and bravely entered the fox 's mouth . " Ooo - wow ! " he gasped . The fox had a rotten bicuspid and unusually bad breath . " This tooth will have to come out , " Doctor De Soto announced . " But we can make you a new one . "
" Just stop the pain , " whimpered the fox , wiping some tears away . Despite his misery , he realized he had a tasty little morsel in his mouth , and his jaw began to quiver . " Keep open ! " yelled Doctor De Soto . " Wide open ! " yelled his wife .
" I 'm giving you gas now , " said Doctor De Soto . " You wo n't feel a thing when I yank that tooth . " Soon the fox was in dreamland . " M - m - m , yummy , " he mumbled . " How I love them raw . . .with just a pinch of salt , and a. . .dry . . .white wine . "
They could guess what he was dreaming about . Mrs. De Soto handed her husband a pole to keep the fox 's mouth open .
Doctor De Soto fastened his extractor to the bad tooth . Then he and his wife began turning the winch . Finally , with a sucking sound , the tooth popped out and hung swaying in the air .
" I 'm bleeding ! " the fox yelped when he came to . Doctor De Soto ran up the ladder and stuffed some gauze in the hole . " The worst is over , " he said . " I 'll have your new tooth ready tomorrow . Be here at eleven sharp . " The fox , still woozy , said goodbye and left . On his way home , he wondered if it would be shabby of him to eat the De Sotos when the job was done .
After office hours , Mrs. De Soto molded a tooth of pure gold and polished it . " Raw with salt , indeed , " muttered Doctor De Soto . " How foolish to trust a fox ! " " He did n't know what he was saying , " said Mrs. De Soto . " Why should he harm us ? We 're helping him . " " Because he 's a fox ! " said Doctor De Soto . " They 're wicked , wicked creatures . "
That night the De Sotos lay awake worrying . " Should we let him in tomorrow ? " Mrs. De Soto wondered . " Once I start a job , " said the dentist firmly , " I finish it . My father was the same way . " " But we must do something to protect ourselves , " said his wife . They talked and talked until they formed a plan . " I think it will work , " said Doctor De Soto . A minute later he was snoring .
The next morning , promptly at eleven , a very cheerful fox turned up . He was feeling not a particle of pain .
When Doctor De Soto got into his mouth , he snapped it shut for a moment , then opened wide and laughed . " Just a joke ! " he chortled .
" Be serious , " said the dentist sharply . " We have work to do . " His wife was lugging the heavy tooth up the ladder .
" Oh , I love it ! " exclaimed the fox . " It 's just beautiful . " Doctor De Soto set the gold tooth in its socket and hooked it up to the teeth on both sides . The fox caressed the new tooth with his tongue . " My , it feels good , " he thought . " I really should n't eat them . On the other hand , how can I resist ? "
" We 're not finished , " said Doctor De Soto , holding up a large jug . " I have here a remarkable preparation developed only recently by my wife and me . With just one application , you can be rid of toothaches forever . How would you like to be the first one to receive this unique treatment ? "
" I certainly would ! " the fox declared . " I 'd be honored . " He hated any kind of personal pain . " You will never have to see us again , " said Doctor De Soto . "
Doctor De Soto stepped into the fox 's mouth with a bucket of secret formula and proceeded to paint each tooth . He hummed as he worked . Mrs. De Soto stood by on the ladder , pointing out spots he had missed . The fox looked very happy .
When the dentist was done , he stepped out . " Now close your jaws tight , " he said , " and keep them closed for a full minute . " The fox did as he was told . Then he tried to open his mouth -- but his teeth were stuck together ! " Ah , excuse me , I should have mentioned , " said Doctor De Soto , " you wo n't be able to open your mouth for a day or two . The secret formula must first permeate the dentine . But do n't worry . No pain ever again ! "
The fox was stunned . He stared at Doctor De Soto , then at his wife . They smiled , and waited . All he could do was say , " Frank oo berry mush " through his clenched teeth , and get up and leave . He tried to do so with dignity .
Then he stumbled down the stairs in a daze . Doctor De Soto and his assistant had outfoxed the fox . They kissed each other and took the rest of the day off .

When people are sick or hurt , Doctor Miranda helps them feel better . She works in a doctor 's office .
" Good morning , Doctor ! " says the receptionist . " You have lots of people to see . It 's going to be a busy day ! "
Doctor Miranda 's first patient has a swollen ankle . " Oh dear , Olivia . May I take a look ? " asks Doctor Miranda gently . She feels Olivia 's leg and ankle , asking her where it hurts the most .
Doctor Miranda thinks Olivia needs an X - ray . She tells Olivia 's mommy to take her to the hospital . " Just to check that nothing is broken ! " says Doctor Miranda .
Next , Doctor Miranda gives twin babies their shots ...... examines a boy with chickenpox ...
... checks a pregnant woman 's blood pressure ...... and listens to a man 's chest with her stethoscope
It 's been a very busy morning already . Now Doctor Miranda has to call patients who are too sick to leave home . She asks them questions and then decides how to help them .
Doctor Miranda is about to eat lunch when the receptionist enters and says , " Can you see one more patient this morning , Doctor ? "
Jimmy has just arrived at the doctor 's office for an emergency appointment . His daddy explains that he has a cough and a high temperature .
Doctor Miranda asks whether Jimmy has a rash or any other symptoms . " No , he 's just been sleeping a lot today , have n't you , Jimmy ? " his daddy asks .
Doctor Miranda takes Jimmy 's temperature with a thermometer . Then she looks in his ears with an otoscope .
" Say ahh ! " she tells Jimmy . " Ahhhhh ! " Jimmy says , opening his mouth wide . Then she looks at the back of his throat using a special stick .
Next , Doctor Miranda asks Jimmy to sit on the bed and take off his sweater .
Doctor Miranda listens carefully to Jimmy 's chest using a stethoscope . It feels cold and it tickles !
Doctor Miranda thinks Jimmy has a chest infection . She writes him a prescription for some medicine and asks him to come back in a few days if he 's not better .
" You should feel well again very soon , " she tells him , waving good - bye . " Thank you , Doctor , " says Jimmy .
Doctor Miranda checks her afternoon schedule with the receptionist . What a busy day it 's been !
Doctor Miranda just has to make one more call ...... before she can go out for lunch !
What else does Doctor Miranda do ? Makes house calls . Sends people to the hospital if they need more care . Gives shots to keep people from getting sick . Gives people their test results .
What does Doctor Miranda need ? Stethoscope , Computer , Prescription pad , Tongue depressors , Otoscope , Thermometer
Other busy people . Here are some of the other busy people doctors work with . Receptionists make appointments , get test results from the hospital and look after patient records . Pharmacists are highly trained and know all about medicines . They fill prescriptions and also give health advice .
Nurses bandage scrapes and cuts , give health advice , take blood for tests and treat other non - serious ailments . Ambulance drivers take people who are very sick or injured to the hospital so they can see a doctor quickly .

BEAR IN THE CHAIR " Is that you , Bear ? "
" Yes , Dog . "
" It is a beautiful day , " said Dog . " Come outside with me . " " I ca n't get down , " said Bear .
" Just jump . " " But I am scared ! "
" Not to worry , Bear . I will help you . " " Come closer . You can slide down my back . "
" You can do it , " said Dog . Bear was more frightened than ever . Dog said , " Take one step . One little , tiny step . "
" Now , take one more . " With each step , Bear became braver . Finally , Bear reached Dog .
" Whee ! That was fun ! " " Good . Now we can go out , " said dog . " Where is your scar ? "
" Uh - oh , " said Bear . " Maybe we should just stay inside , " said Dog .
PLAY WITH ME ! PLAY WITH ME !
" Bear , will you play with me ? " " Not right now , Dog . I am reading my book . "
" Please , Bear . Play with me . " " I am reading a story about a dog and a stuffed bear . "
" Oh , Bear . Play with me ! " " In this book , the dog and the bear are best friends . "
" Come one , Bear . Play with me ! " " Although they love to be together , sometimes the bear just needs time to himself , " said Bear .
" Play with me ! Play with me ! " " Play with me ! Play with me ! "
" The bear tried to explain this to the dog , but the dog did not understand , " Bear continued . " Play with me ! Play with me ! "
" After a while , the bear realized that he dog just wanted to be with his friend , " said Bear .
" All right , Dog . I will play with you now . What shall we do ? "
" Read to me ! Read to me ! "
DOG CHANGES HIS NAME Fido Duke Rover
" I am changing my name , " said Dog . " But why , Dog ? " " Because DOG is b - o - r - i - n - g ! From now on , call me SPOT . "
" But you do n't have any spots . "
" What about FLUFFY ? " said Dog . " You are not fluffy . "
" Well , how about PRINCE ? " " Oh , no , " said Bear .
" CHAMP ? " " Probably not . "
" SKIPPY ? " Bear smiled .
" ZIPPY ? " Bear thought for a moment .
" How about MY BEST FRIEND DOG ? " said Bear .
" I like that ! " said Dog . " Or just DOG for short ! " " Perfect , " said Bear .

Dog was reading a brilliant book , all about a cat who wore a pair of truly magnificent boots . When he finished reading , dog put down his book and thought a little bit . Then he went to the local shoe shop .
" Have you got any footwear as splendid as this ? " he asked , showing the book to the shopkeeper . " I believe I have , " said the shopkeeper , and brought out four just - as - splendid boots , one for each of Dog 's paws . " Bow WOW ! ' " said Dog . " I 'll take them . " Dog was so pleased that he went straight home ...
to dig up his very best bone . But the new boots were not at all splendid or magnificent for digging . And they got so muddy that they looked quite awful . So Dog took them back to the shop .
" Have you got some that are better for digging ? " he asked . " I have just the thing , " said the shopkeeper . " These rain boots are perfect in mud - it simply washes right off . "
The rain boots were wonderful for digging ...
but when Dog went for a swim in the pond , they filled up with water and he sank with a PLOP ! Dog took them back to the shop .
Have you got some that are better for swimming ? he asked . " The best thing for swimming , " the shopkeeper said , " are flippers . "
The flippers were fantastic for swimming ...
but when Dog tried to scratch , they flip - flap - flopped around his head in a very unsatisfying way .
Dog took them back to the shop . " Have you got some that are better for scratching ? " he said . " I 'm glad you asked , " said the shopkeeper . " With these high heels you can scratch - and look rather fashionable at the same time . " For scratching behind Dog 's ears , the high heels were simply divine ....
Unfortunately , they were dreadful to run in - he went flying head over high heels ! Dog took them back to the shop .
" Have you got some that go a bit faster ? " he asked . " Oh , yes , " said the shopkeeper . " If you want to go super - fast , try skis . They go very fast indeed - " " I 'll take them ! " said Dog . " And he was gone before the shopkeeper could say , " -but only on snow ! "
Without snow , Dog 's skis did n't move at all . He could n't run or scratch or swim or dig . On his way back to the shop , Dog thought some more ....
" Okay , " he said to the shopkeeper . " I want something that 's good for digging and swimming and scratching and running . Oh , nice and furry too . Do you have anything like that ? " " No , " said the shopkeeper , " but YOU do . They 're called ...
PAWS ! " " Perfect ! " said Dog .
Dog was so pleased with his nice , furry , practical paws that he scratched all the fleas from his coat ... ran after his tail ...
swam around and around the queen 's lake until she told him to hightail it out of there ... and dug a big hole to rebury his very best bone .
Finally Dog went home and picked out another brilliant book to read . This time it was about a girl who did n't wear any silly boots , but did wear ... a lovely red hood ! " Hmmm ... , " thought Dog . [ Little Red Riding Hood ]

Dogs come in many shapes and sizes .
Some dogs are small and some dogs are big . Which dog is bigger ? Guess what ? Dogs are related to wolves . Both animals bark , whimper , and growl .
Dogs need to exercise to stay healthy- just like you !
They like to walk , run , and play .
Some dogs are fast and some dogs are slow .
Which dog will get the ball first ? Guess what ? If a dog pulls really hard on her leash , she may need more exercise .
Dogs have fur .
There are many different kinds of fur .
Some dogs have long fur and some dogs have short fur .
Which dog has long fur ? Which dog has short fur ? Guess what ? Dogs with light - colored coats can get sunburned , just like people !
Dogs learn about the world by smelling .
Some dogs have big noses and some dogs have small noses . Guess what ? Your dog can tell whether you 've been playing with another dog just by smelling you !
Which dog has the bigger nose ?
Dogs can hear sounds that humans can not .
Some dog ears stick up and other dog ears flop down .
Which dog has floppy ears ? Guess what ? Dogs can hear sounds that are a lot higher . Dog whistles can be heard by dogs , but not by humans .
You 've learned all about dogs . Can you find ... a big dog ? a small dog ? a dog with long fur ? all the dogs ' noses ? a dog with ears that stick up ?

It 's a dolphin !
What swims in the water , but is n't a fish ? What whistles and chirps , but is n't a bird ? What loves to jump , but is n't a frog ? Its a dolphin !
Fish or mammal ? A dolphin is a mammal - just like you . Dolphins have lungs and breathe air . They get oxygen through a hole on top of their heads . Their tails move up and down . They have soft , smooth skin . A dolphin 's body temperature is always about 97 degrees Fahrenheit .
Water words Oxygen : An invisible gas in air and water that animals breathe in . Mammal : A warm - blooded animal that drinks milk from its mother and has a backbone and hair . Dolphins look like fish , but they are different in some very important ways . Fish have scales . Fish have gills . Gills help fish get oxygen from the water . Their tails bend from side to side . A fish 's body temperature matches the temperature of the water it 's in .
A dolphin 's life A baby dolphin is called a calf . A baby dolphin has a small mouth . The calf smacks food against the water to break it into bite - size bits .
What do dolphins have that no other sea animals have ? Baby dolphins . A calf can swim as soon as it is born . It drinks milk from its mother 's body . When the little dolphin is about six months old , it starts to eat fish . Water words Calf : A young dolphin
A dolphin pod
Dolphins live in small groups called pods . Some join together to form schools . A dolphin school may have more than 1,000 animals . Dolphins use squeaks , squeals , and whistles to " talk " to each other . Some dolphins in a pod are in charge of watching for sharks and other predators . Every dolphin has its own name . Each name is a series of whistling sounds . Water words Predator : Animals that eat other animals .
Dolphins work together to catch prey . Dolphin pods will swim circles around a school of fish until the fish are tightly packed together .
This big group of fish is called a " bait ball . " When the fish have nowhere to escape , the dolphins take turns diving in for a snack . Water words Prey : Animals that are eaten by other animals
A dolphin 's body is just right for life underwater . Flippers help a dolphin start , stop , and turn . The fin on a dolphin 's back helps it stay balanced . It 's powerful tail pushes it through the water .
Why did the dolphin cross the ocean ? To get to the other tide . When a dolphin swims slowly , it rises to the surface and breathes once or twice a minute . When a dolphin swims fast , it leaps out of the water to catch its breath . Blowhole . When a dolphin breathes out , air blasts out of its blowhole at 100 miles an hour .
Dolphins have great eyesight , but the ocean can be very dark . It 's hard for dolphins to see the little fish they like to eat on the ocean floor .
What do dolphins like to eat with peanut butter ? Jellyfish . If a dolphin is hunting alone , it will put its head to the ground and make a clicking noise . The noise hits anything in the dolphin 's path and bounces back . A dolphin can find a fish by seeing it with sound ! The dolphin is using echolocation . you say it like this : eck oh low kay shun . Dolphins actually use echoes to locate the fish they ca n't see .
Where dolphins live More than 30 different kinds of dolphins live on Earth . Most dolphins swim in warm ocean waters near the Equator . But some live in cooler seas north and south of the Equator , and some even live in rivers . The hourglass dolphin lives way out in the middle of the ocean .
The Hector 's dolphin usually stays close to land . Water words Equator : an imaginary line halfway between the North and South Poles .
What 's the difference ? Porpoise Top fin usually shaped like a triangle Rounded snout Teeth are rounded Have you ever seen a porpoise ? It looks like a dolphin , but it 's different . You say it like this : poor pus .
Did the dolphin do a belly flop by accident ? No , he did it on PORPOISE . Dolphin Pointed snout Top fin usually hooked or curved Teeth are pointed A dolphin 's body is longer and leaner than a porpoise 's body . Dolphins are more curious and playful , too .
River Dolphin Long , thin snout Poor eyesight Slow swimmers , rarely jump Have you ever seen a dolphin with a long pointy snout ? This funny looking mammal is a river dolphin .
Ocean Dolphin Good eyesight Short snout Fast swimmers , often jump River dolphins are smaller than their ocean - swimming cousins . They are also less active and playful .
Super Dolphins Super Spinner A spinner dolphin twirls through the air like a spiraling football . It can jump almost ten feet into the air and spin up to seven times .
What is a spinner dolphin 's favorite amusement park ride ? The merry - go - round . Easy Breather A dolphin spends most of its life holding its breath . A Risso 's dolphin can go for 30 minutes without coming up for air . Deepest Diver Whales and dolphins are very closely related . In fact , some animals we call whales really are dolphins . The long - finned pilot whale is a dolphin that can dive almost 2,000 feet !
The most amazing dolphin of all is the Orca , also known as the killer whale . The orca wins almost every record - setting award in the dolphin category . Fastest : A killer whale can swim seven times faster than an Olympic swimmer .
What did the ocean say to the killer whale when it left on vacation ? Nothing . It just waved .
Hungriest : An orca eats everything from sea turtles and penguins to seals and sharks . Longest Living : A killer whale can live up to 90 years . Biggest : Males can grow almost as long as a school bus .
Goofing Off Dolphins spend a lot of time hunting for food . And they are always on the lookout for danger . But sometimes dolphins just want to have fun . Dolphins make up all kinds of games .
What did the dolphin go to the party ? To have a whale of a good time . Playing Catch : Toss seaweed into the air and try to catch it . Surfing : Ride along storm waves or waves breaking near a beach . Tag , You 're It : Chase each other through the water .
Dolphins and Humans Dolphins are gentle , playful creatures . They are also very smart , which is why people and dolphins get along so well . By learning about these friendly marine mammals , humans are helping to protect dolphins and the waters they live in .
What is a dolphin 's favorite TV show ? Whale of Fortune !
Calf : A young dolphin . Equator : An imaginary line halfway between the North and South Poles . Mammal : A warm - blooded animal that drinks its mother 's milk , has a backbone , and hair . Oxygen : an invisible gas in air and water . It helps animals get energy from food . Predator : Animals that eat other animals . Prey : Animals that are eaten by other animals .

Hello , dolphins !
Dolphins are ocean animals . They live all around the world .
Dolphin skin is smooth and gray .
Dolphin teeth are small and pointy .
Dolphins have flippers . They breathe air through a hole on top of their head .
Dolphins eat small fish . They eat other little ocean animals , too .
A baby dolphin is called a calf . A calf lives with other dolphins in a pod .
Dolphins like to swim in the ocean . They play and eat all day .
Goodbye , dolphins !
Picture of a dolphin : blowhole , mouth , ear , eye , teeth , flippers
fin , tail , skin

It was getting on toward Halloween . Donald Duck and his nephews were hunting for pumpkins for Jack - o - lanterns . The day was almost over , and red and gold clouds were piling up in the sky , when they found a field that was full of pumpkins perfect for them . They were walking back to the farm house , each with a round , ripe pumpkin in his arms , when Huey stopped them all with a shout .
" Look ! A witch on a broomstick ! " he cried . They all saw a dark form streak across the sky . " Pooh ! " said Donald . " Witches , pooh ! There are no witches , you know that . It must have been some sort of bird you saw . " But the boys were not convinced . Next day they set out to look for the witch . They had a long , hard walk through the tangled woods . There was no path to follow and they were not even sure just what they hoped to find . At last they heard a cackling laugh up ahead . And what could be a surer sign of a witch than a crickling , cackling laugh ? " Sh ! " said Dewey with his finger on his lips . And he led the way through the underbrush into the clearing beyond .
There stood a crooked little house , clearly the home of a witch . From the crooked little chimney rose a thread of smoke . Smoke and steam rolled up in clouds from a cauldron out in front . And through the smoke came that merry , scary sound , the cackling laugh of a witch . " Welcome , boys , welcome , " said the witch 's voice . " Welcome to Witch Hazel 's little home . " Then she came hobbling toward them , a merry little sprite , grinning with witchery glee . The boys were speechless with surprise . " What can I do for you today ? " Witch Hazel asked of them . " Any spells you 'd like me to cast ? Anybody you 'd like to bewitch ? " And her elbow poked Louie in the ribs , while she gave him a sly wink . " Bewitch ! " echoed Louie . " Cast spells ! " said Dewey .
" Unca Donald ! " cried Huey . They all agreed . They told Witch Hazel how Donald refused to believe in her or any other witch . " We 'll show him ! " she cackled , beckoning them close . From the pockets of her dress she tossed bits of this and that into her steaming pot . " A real witch 's brew ! ' gasped Dewey Duck , as swirls of smoke in mysterious shapes began to rise and blow . " We 'll show that Donald ! " Witch Hazel vowed . " You meet me here on Halloween . " Home went the boys and they said not a word about their adventure to Donald Duck . Donald was not surprised when the boys disappeared early on Halloween .
, 6 , 7 He was not surprised when his doorbell rang soon after dark that night . There beneath the porch light stood the boys . Donald chuckled as he recognized them through their disguises . They were dressed as witches , one and all . " Come in , " said Donald with a grin , holding his door open wide . They parked their broomsticks beside the door . Donald rubbed his eyes as he thought he saw one jump . That , he knew , could not have been . In came the witches , one , two , three . No , there were one , two , three , four ! Donald was surprised , but he did not say a word as they all took seats around the room . " Treats ? " he asked , passing a tray of fancy little cakes . " Ouch ! " cried Dewey , who reached for one first . A mouse trap was stuck on his thumb . " Wow ! " cried Louie , who reached for one next .   It turned out to be a jack - in - the - box . " Glub ! " gulped Huey , when he bit into his . It was all mad of rubber , you see . " Thanks , " said the fourth guest with a cackling laugh . She blew at her cake , and it exploded into dust , right in Donald 's face . " Serves you right , smartie , " said a voice . Donald whirled around . There were only the Jack - o - lanterns sitting there , grinning saucily . But as Donald looked , it seemed to him that the merry faces shook with glee . " We must be leaving now , " one witch said . " Wo n't you come with us , and let us return your hospitality ? " " No , thanks , " said Donald , clinging to the doorknob as they all swept him out onto the porch . It was four against one . He soon found himself astride a broomstick . "Abracadabra , boys ! Here we go ! " he heard a voice cackle in his ear . All around him he saw broomsticks fly- and to his horror Donald saw the ground sink away below him , too ! Over the treetops and straight toward the moon the broomstick pointed- then down to the woods . " Welcome to Witch Hazel 's little home , " he heard the cackling voice say . And down into the witch 's pot !
" Ho , ho , ho ! " laughed the other three . He knew his nephew 's voices all too well . Donald gasped and sputtered . And he sizzled with rage when they hauled him out , soaking wet to the skin . The witches did not notice . They were all doubled over , laughing . Witch Hazel disappeared into her little house , and came back with an extra dress and hat . " Better put on something dry , " she told Donald with a grin . And he stamped off into the house . When he came out again , a table was set close beside the bubbling pot . Three Jack - o - lanterns glowed on a Halloween feast - pumpkin pie and apple tart and corn on the cob and all sorts of delicious things .
" Have a real treat , Unca Donald , " the nephews said , coming out from behind their masks . So they all sat down and ate their fill - yes , Witch Hazel , too . After a while , even Donald could smile . " I still do n't believe in witches , " he said to Witch Hazel with a courtly bow . " But if there were any , I 'd want them all to be just exactly like you . "

Mrs. Millie , our teacher , is really silly .
Every day she says , " Good morning , children . Please hang up your goats . " " Do n't be silly , Mrs. Millie ! You mean our coats ! "
At eight o'clock our teacher announces , " Please rise for the frog salute . " " On , no , " we shout . " You mean the flag salute . "
" It 's nine o'clock . Time to write , " Mrs. Millie says . " Get out your paper and penguins . "
" Do n't be silly , Mrs. Millie ! You Mean our paper and pencils ! "
At ten o'clock it 's recess time . Our teacher looks out the window . " It just stopped raining cats and dogs . Do n't step in a poodle ! " " Do n't you mean puddle ? " we ask , giggling .
We play outside until our teacher blows her whistle . " Recess is over , " she yells . " It 's time to chameleon ! " " Do n't be silly , Mrs. Millie ! You mean it 's time to come in . "
At eleven o'clock Mrs. Millie says , " You may get drinks , but do n't cut in the lion . " " You mean the line ! " we yell .
At twelve o'clock our teacher announces , " Time for lunch . Wash your hands with soap and walrus . " " You 're silly , Mrs. MIllie ! You mean soap and water . "
As we get in line , Mrs. Millie reminds us , " Do n't forget your lunch bunny . " " Oh , that 's right , our lunch money ! " we shout .
Mrs. Millie puts on her glasses to read the menu . " THey have gorilla cheese sandwiches today . " " Do n't be silly , Mrs. Millie ! You mean grilled cheese sandwiches ! "
At one o'clock our teacher picks up a book . " It 's story time . Come sit on the bug . "
" You 're so silly ! " we cry . " You mean sit on the rug . "
At two o'clock Mrs. Millie calls us to the back of the room . " It 's time for Art . Who wants to paint on the weasel ? " " You mean the easel , Mrs. Millie ! How can you be so silly ? " we ask .
After Art our teacher asks , " Who 's hungry ? We have parrot sticks and quackers . "
" We know what you mean - carrot sticks and crackers ! " we yell .
At three o'clock Mrs. Millie smiles . " What a fun day we 've had ! But it 's time to go home . Put on your bats and kittens . " " Do n't be silly , Mrs. Millie ! You mean our hats and mittens ! "
When we 're ready to leave , our teacher goes to the door . " Butterfly , children . " " No , Mrs. Millie , " we shout . " You do n't mean butterfly . " You mean good - bye ! " Mrs. Millie laughs . We laugh too . Butterfly , MRs . Millie . See you gator ! "
And we wave good - bye as we get on the octopus .

Hi ! I 'm the bus driver . Listen , I 've got to leave for a little while , so can you watch things for me until I get back ? Thanks . Oh , and remember :
Do n't let the pigeon drive the bus !
I thought he 'd never leave .
Hey , can I drive the bus ?
Please ?
I 'll be careful .
I tell you what : I 'll just steer .
My cousin drives a bus almost every day !
True story .
VROOM - VROOM VROOMY VROOM - VROOM !
PIGEON AT THE WHEEL !
No ?
I never get to do anything !
Hey , I 've got an idea . Let 's play " drive the bus " !
I 'll go first !
C'm on ! Just once around the block !
I 'll be your best friend ! How 'bout I give you five bucks ? No fair ! I bet your mom would let me .
What s the big deal ! ? It 's just a bus ! ! ! I have dreams you know ! Fine .
/p26 LET ME DRIVE THE BUS ! ! !
I 'm back ! You did n't let the pigeon drive the bus , did you ? Great thanks a lot . Uh - oh !
Bye !
Hey ...

Oh , good , it 's you . Listen , it 's getting late and I need to brush my teeth . Can you do me a favor ?
Do n't let the pigeon stay up late !
Thanks .
First of all , I 'm not even tired !
In fact , I 'm in the mood for a hot dog party !
What do you say ?
" No " ! ?
Hmph .
I hear there 's a good show about birds on tonight .
Should be very educational .
How about five more minutes ?
C'm on ! What 's five minutes in the grand scheme of things ! ?
Yawn
What ! ? WHAT ! ?
I'M
NOT TIRED !
Y'know , we never get to talk anymore .
Tell me about your day … .
Oh ! I 've got a great idea !
We could count the stars !
Can I have a glass of water ? Studies show that pigeons hardly need any sleep at all ! It 's the middle of the day in China ! I 'll go to bed early tomorrow night instead !
Hey , hey ! Ho , ho ! This here Pigeon just wo n't go ! Pleeeeeaaaasssseee ! My bunny wants to stay up , too ! You ca n't say " No " to a bunny , can you ?
YAWN !
OKAY , THAT WAS NOT A YAWN !
I was stretching .
I 'm Yawn 110 % awake … !
You have n't heard the Yaaaawn last of me !
ZZZZZZZz snork ! zzzzz
Great work . Thanks .
Good night .

The story goes that there is a town somewhere and in that town , a street . On that street is a pavement and on that pavement , a crack . Whatever you do . . .
Do n't step on the crack !
Hey , you ! Who , me ?
Yes , you ! What ?
Do n't step on the crack ! What crack ? The crack in the pavement ! But which one ?
It could be any one of them ! But why not ?
Because it 's really bad luck ! In what way ?
Well , for example , you might fall for the oldest trick in the book .
Or you might suddenly turn into a pig !
You might not be as popular as you once were .
Yo , four - eyes ! Look who it is n't ! It 's old poopy drawers ! P.U. ! what 's that smell ? It 's the nerd !
Or you might turn into your worst nightmare .
Maybe your dad might decide to become a hippy . Peace and love , son . Dad ?
Or you might notice something strange about the new baby .
You might find that your best friend is not who you thought he was .
Or your mom might go for a younger look . Mom ?
You might not get exactly what you want for your birthday . A tutu !
Or your new teacher might not be quite as nice as your old one .
Your dog might get you into a bit of trouble . No , Rocky !
Or you might set off for school one morning and forget something really important . . . What ?
But do n't worry ! Huh ? The crack might not be in this pavement ! Oh ?
It might not even be in this street ! Gee ! It might not even be in this town ! Phew !
But then again , it might be ! So just in case . . .
Do n't step on the crack !

Farmer Brown keeps a very close eye on his animals . Every night he listens outside with the barn door . Dooby , dooby , moo …  the cows snore . Fa la , la , la baba …  the sheep snore . Whacka , whacka quack …  Duck snores .
Duck keeps a very close eye on Farmer Brown . Every morning Duck borrows his newspaper . One day , an ad catches his eye : TALENT SHOW ! ! ! OPEN TO ALL ! ! where : COUNTY FAIR when : SATURDAY 1st prize : A TRAMPOLINE ! ! * 2nd prize : BOX OF CHALK * * 3rd prize : VEGGIE CHOP - O - MATIC * Slightly used . Sponsor makes no warranty , expressed or implied , nor assumes any responsibility in the use of the trampoline . * * Actual amount award will be based on availability
As soon as Farmer Brown opened his paper , he knew the animals were up to something .
Farmer Brown watched them closely all day . He watched them from above . He watched them from below .
He even watched them upside down . Outside the barn , late at night , he heard , Dooby , dooby moo …  Fa la , la , la baba …  Whacka , whack quack ...
Inside the barn , the cows rehearsed " Twinkle , Twinkle , Little Star . " Dooby , dooby , dooby moo . Dooby moo , moo , moo , moo , moo . Needs work , Duck noted .
The sheep rehearsed " Home on the Range . " Baaa , baaa , baaa , baaabaaa . Fa la baaa , fa la baba , baaaabaaabaaa ! Duckhad them try it again , with more feeling .
The pigs did an interpretive dance .
Whacka , whacka , quaaack …  snored Duck .
Day after day , Farmer Brown kept a very close eye on the animals . He watched from the left . He watched from the right .
He even watched in disguise .
Outside the barn , night after night , he heard :
Dooby , dooby moo …  Fa la , la , la baba …  Whacka , whack quack . Inside the barn , night after night , the animals rehearsed .
Finally it was time for the county fair . Duck was pacing back and forth . The pigs were combing their hair .
The cows were drinking tea with lemon .
They ARE up to something ! thought Farmer Brown . Farmer Brown was not going to leave them alone . He loaded all the animals into the
back of this truck and drove to the fair .
When he got there he heard : Dooby , dooby moo …  Fa la , la , la baba …  Whacka , whacka quack
He parked his truck and headed off to the free barbecue .
When Farmer Brown was out of sight . the animals ran to the talent show desk and signed in . * Cows Sheep Pigs . * Contestants consent to the use of his / her name , photograph , and/or likeness for advertising and promotional purposes in connection with this promotion without additional compensation , unless prohibited by law .
The cows sang " Twinkle , Twinkle , Little Star . " Dooby , dooby , dooby moo . Dooby moo , moo , moo , moo , moo . Two of the judges were clearly impressed .
Fa la , la , la baa . Fa la baaa , ba , ba , baaa , baa , ba , baaaa .
The sheep sang " Home on the Range . " Three of the judges were clearly impressed .
It was time for the pigs ' interpretive dance . But they were sound asleep . Shloink oink , oink , oink , oink . All of the judges were clearly annoyed .
Quack , quack , quack , quuuaaaaackk !
Duck really wanted that trampoline . He jumped on stage and sang " Born to Be Wild . " * The judges gave him a standing ovation . * Original words and music by Mars Bonfire .
When Farmer Brown got back to the truck , he heard : Dooby , dooby moo …  Fa la , la , la baba …  Whacka , whack quack …  The animals were exactly where he had left them .
That night Farmer Brown listened outside the barn door . Dooby , dooby BOING ! Fa la , la , la BOING ! Whacka , whack BOING !

Down by the pool in the cool of the day , Frog cried , " Wheeeeee ! Can you dance like me ? "
Duck came to see . " I can dance too . But not like you . I can flap . "
So Duck went " flap , " and Frog cried , " Wheeeee ! Can you dance like me ? " Down by the cool of the pool .
Pig came to see . " I can dance too . But not like you . I can wiggle . " So Pig went wiggle , Duck went flap ,
and Frog cried , " Wheeeee ! Can you dance like me ? " Down by the cool of the pool .
Sheep came to see . " I can dance too . But not like you . I can stamp . " So sheep went stamp ,
Pig went wiggle , Duck went flap , and Frog cried " Wheeeee ! Can you dance like me ? " Down by the cool of the pool .
Then up sprang Cat with a sudden bound , and Dog came frisking round and round .
Goat butted in with a skip and a hop , and Frog cried , " Wheeee ! That 's great ! Do n't stop . "
Then playful Pony began to prance , and Donkey drummed his hoofbeat dance .
But when it came to capering Cow , Frog cried , " Wow ! All together now ... "
With a stamp and a wiggle ,
and a flap and a " Wheeeeee ! " the animals danced so joyfully ,
till ... with a bump and a slip ... and a trip and a crash
and a " Whoops ! Watch out ! " and a topple and a ...
splash ! into the pool they flapped and they flopped .
But did they stop ?
Oh , no ! No ! No ! For they all cried , " Oooh ! " and , " Whooop ! " and " Wheeee ! "
" Come and see . Oh , ha - ha - hee !
We 're having fun , dancing our dance in the cool of the pool ! "
And they splished and splashed till their dance was done .
Then away they drifted , and down went the sun ,
as there by the cool of the ripply pool with a hop hop
plop ! even Frog ... was gone .

One morning , Mouse hopped to the edge of the river . And there she sat , waiting for her Special Friends .
Dragonflies zipped over the rushes . Tadpoles plopped in the shallows . Water splashed softly against the rocks .
" Hello , " said Rabbit .
" What are you doing ? "
" I 'm waiting for my Special Friends , " said Mouse .
" Then I will wait with you , " said Rabbit . " May I ? "
Butterflies fluttered on the breeze . Bees buzzed in the daisies . Ants scuttled busily in the grass .
" Oh , it 's you ! " laughed Frog . " What are you doing ? "
" We 're waiting for Mouse 's Special Friends , " said Rabbit .
" Just the weather for waiting , " smiled Frog . " Can I join you ? "
Sunshine speckled the trees . Caterpillars munched lazily int he leaves . A single cloud drifted in the blue , blue sky .
" Lovely day ! " sang Turtle . " Going in for a swim , Frog ? "
" Not today , " said Frog . " We 're waiting . . . "
" For Mouse 's Special Friends , " added Rabbit .
" Ah , " said Turtle .
It was peaceful and quiet on the riverbank . Turtle shared his lunch , and when everyone was full , the ducklings cleared up the crumbs .
" Mmmmmm , delicious , " sighed Rabbit .
" Perfect , " whispered Frog .
" You picked a lovely spot for waiting , you know , Mouse , " said Turtle .
" I did , " said Mouse .
Shadows edged toward the water . Fireflies glittered like stars .
Mouse stretched her arms out wide , and stood up .
" Well , I must be off , " she said .
" Oh , do n't give up now ! " cried Rabbit .
" I 'm sure they 'll be here soon , " said Frog .
" Just give it a bit longer , " nodded Turtle . " After all , we can wait with you . "
" Wait for what ? " asked Mouse .
" Your Special Friends of course ! " said Rabbit .
" But you 're all here ! " Mouse smiled . " Rabbit . . . " " and Frog . . . " " and Turtle . . . " " Who could be more special than you ? "
A rosy glow spread over three faces .
" It has been a Special Day , " said Rabbit .
" Let 's wait again tomorrow ! " laughed Frog .
" With apple cake , " added Turtle .
" See you tomorrow then , " said Mouse . And with a happy wave she hopped off home .

Hey , kid ! Did you know that dragons love tacos ? They love beef tacos and chicken tacos . They love really big gigantic tacos and tiny little baby tacos as well .
KODI
Why do dragons love tacos ? Maybe it 's the smell from the sizzling pan . Maybe it 's the crunch of the crispy tortillas . Maybe it 's a secret .
Either way , if you want to make a friends with dragons , tacos are key . Hey dragon , why do you guys love tacos so much ?
TACO CAVE
But wait ! As much as dragons love tacos , they hate spicy salsa even more . They hate spicy green salsa and spicy red salsa . They hate spicy chunky salsa and spicy smooth salsa . If the salsa is spicy at all , dragons ca n't stand it .
ORLA 'S SPICY SALSA
NO SPICY SALSA ! A Guide to Dragon Cuisine by Alen Puff NO SPICY SALSA
HOT
WAY TOO HOT
Why do dragons hate spicy salsa ? Well , just one drop of hot sauce makes a dragon 's ears smoke . Just one single speck of hot pepper makes a dragon snort sparks . Spicy salsa gives dragons the tummy troubles , and when dragons get the tummy troubles - oh boy . . .
If you want to make tacos for dragons , keep the toppings mild . Tomatoes , lettuce , cheese , these are all good toppings for tacos for dragons .
Hey dragon , how do you feel about spicy taco toppings ?
Dragons love parties . They like costume parties and pool parties .
They like big gigantic parties with accordions and tiny little parties with charades . Why do dragons love parties ? Maybe it 's the conversation . Maybe it 's the dancing . Maybe it 's the comforting sound of a good friend 's laughter .
The only thing dragons love more than parties or tacos , is taco parties ( taco parties are parties with lots of tacos ) . If you want to have some dragons over for a taco party , you 'll need buckets of tacos . Pantloads of tacos . The best way to judge is to get a boat and fill the boat with tacos . That 's about how many tacos dragons need for a taco party . After all , dragons love tacos .
Hey dragon , are you excited for the big taco party ?
YOU'RE INVITED
TACO PART for DRAGONS !
at Robbie 's House
Nov. 23rd , 7:00pm
Just remember : Dragons hate spicy salsa . Before you host your taco party with dragons , get rid of all the spicy salsa . In fact , bury the spicy salsa in the backyard so the dragons ca n't find it .
These dragons love your taco party ! They love the music . They love the decorations . They especially love the tacos . Congratulations !
I Tacos
It 's a good thing you got rid of all that spicy . . . Wait a second - what are those little green things in the salsa ? You did n't read the fine print ! ?
TOTALLY MILD SALSA
TOTALLY MILD SALSA * * NOW WITH SPICY JALAPENO PEPPERS
Dragons , listen to me : Do not eat those tacos . Those little green specs in the salsa ? Those are jalapeño peppers - they are super - spicy ! I know you love tacos , dragons , but you are not gon na love those tacos . DO NOT LET THOSE DRAGONS EAT THOSE TACOS ! ! ! Crunch , crunch , crunch . . .
TOTALLY MILD SALSA
Too late . . .
Why would dragons help you rebuild your house ? Maybe they 're good Samaritans . Maybe they feel bad for wrecking it . Maybe they 're just in it for the taco breaks .
After all , dragons love tacos .

When I was young , my mother gave me lessons on how to be a bear . " This is how a bear walks , " she told me ,
" and this is how a bear sits . "
She showed me which berries were good to ear and which ones were n't . ( Some I found out about on my own ! )
I learned to catch fish in a river ... and to climb trees to look for honey .
One day , I began to make claw marks in the dirt floor of our den . My mother did n't mind , as long as I paid attention to my " being a bear " lessons .
At first the marks did n't look like much , but the more I drew , the better my drawings looked .
I went to the dump with my mother and some other bears . SUPER PIZZA PIES
TOWN DUMP KEEP OUT While they looked for things to eat , I searched for scraps of paper . I spent the afternoon drawing pictures on the paper with a burnt stick from a campfire .
I drew a picture of a bear in a tree and gave it to my mother .
She was so pleased that she put it up on the wall of our den with some magnetic rocks .
When I went to school , I learned how to read and write and add and subtract . But I kept drawing . My teacher encouraged me .
I drew hundreds of pictures . I drew pictures of the things I saw around me , like rocks and trees and birds and clouds . Other times I drew pictures of things I had never seen - things I could only imagine - like dinosaur races on the moon , or furry animals with wings .
I loved going to the museum . Seeing all those wonderfully drawn pictures inspired me . It made me want to draw even more . MASTER DRAWINGS MUSEUM
I tried to copy some of the pictures I saw . As I copied , I discovered things that made my own drawings even better .
During the summer , I often drew pictures all day long . I would start with the sun came up and stop when the sun went down .
In the fall , I was busy getting ready for my long winter 's sleep ... but I always found time to do at least one drawing .
During the winter , I would wake up and draw .
Many years have passed . I am a big bear now , but I still love to draw .
I am invited to dine with kings and queens and presidents . ( I even draw pictures for them on napkins ! )
I 've been given medals and prizes for my drawings .
I 've been offered big houses and fancy cars , but I do n't take them . ( I do n't even know how to drive . )
For I am a bear . I am content to live in my den in the forest and draw pictures . I was born a bear , and I will always be a bear . But I am an artist , too , because that is what I have decided to be .
Just as you can be an artist if that 's what you want to be . If you love to draw and you 'd rather spend your time drawing than doing just about anything else , I 'd say you 're well on your way .
You ca n't be a bear , you know , but you
Then say so . Say it softly to yourself , or say it loudly for the whole world to hear :
I AM AN ARTIST !
There . Now you are an artist . For all time and forever .
[ Inside back cover ] I love to draw trees . If I am outside , drawing a real tree , before I begin , I walk up to the tree and hug it . By doing this , I can feel how round and thick and strong it is . Then , when I draw it , the tree will look round and thick and strong on my paper . The branches that come toward me I usually draw darker . Sometimes I draw each leaf . The branches going away from me I draw lighter .
[ Inside back cover , cont . ] Other times I draw leaves in clusters . You can " smudge " by rubbing the pencil lines with your fingers or thumb . ( Sometimes , I smudge by accident , because my paws are so big I ca n't help it . )

Knock , knock , knock ! Help ! Knock , knock , knock ! Help ! " Who could that be ? " asked Irene . Another duck ?
" Help ! If the zoo detective finds me , I 'm a goner ! "
Ah ! Yikes ! Eek ! Gasp !
" Why are they after you ? " asked Irene . " I just had a snack ! Okay , so it was someone else 's pet . I did n't know that ! " he said . " Please do n't eat us ! " everyone screamed .
Max was afraid too , but he remembered what it was like to be in trouble and alone . Now it was his turn to help someone else . Max , come back ! Max ! He 'll eat you ! What 's he doing ? He 's nuts !
" Uh , hello . I 'm Max , " he said , shaking . " Hello Max . I 'm Harold , " said the alligator . " My mouth is big and my appetite is bigger , but I 'm not dangerous . REALLY . Please hide me ! " Harold pleaded .
Please , Irene ? " I believe him , Irene . Can we rescue Harold like you rescued me ? " asked Max .
Reluctantly Irene opened the door all the way . " Come on out , wherever you are ! " Max called . Where 'd everyone go ? Far too many teeth .
" It 's safe , and Harold really needs our help . Now everyone THINK . where can we hide an alligator in this house ? " Nice shade of green . Awfully big .
" How about the bread box ? " said Tawny . Thunk ! Ow ! Thunk ! " Nope , too small , " said Irene .
" We could disguise him as a lamp ! " suggested Chloe . " I do n't think so ! " said Brody . " We need a brighter idea . " " I know ! The basement ! " said Scrappy .
NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO ! " It 's dark , and there are spiders ! " screamed Harold . " Any other ideas ? " asked Max .
Knock ! Knock ! " Too late ! " said Irene . " Hide Harold now ! " Oh no ! Think ! Ahhhh ! Ack ! Gulp . Under what ? Under where ? Under - wear ? ?
" Ma'am , have you or your duck seen this alligator ? " asked the detective . " Why no , sir . No gators here , " said Irene nervously . " Dogs and cats and birds and rabbits … but no alligators , " said Max .
" Well , give me a call if you see anything , " he said . " And keep your eyes peeled . He 's full of teeth , and dangerous . "
" What a close call ! " said Irene , closing the door . " I could use something to drink , " said Max . " How about everyone else ? " " Lovely , " said Harold .
" What do you take with your tea , Harold ? " asked Max . " Scones , cakes , itty - bitty sandwiches-- , " he began . " I mean , milk or sugar ? " Max interrupted . " Both , please . A little bit of everything is always tasty , " said Harold .
' Night , Harold . C'm on . Max ! Sleep well , Harold . After tea and a lot of talking , they still were n't sure how to keep Harold -- or themselves -- safe . So they decide to sleep on it . In Irene 's room . With the door locked tight .
The next morning Max made his usual breakfast of pancakes with a special tuna sauce for the cats . Everyone was finished eating except for Harold . " Got anything else to nibble on ? " he asked , looking around .
Remembering that they would be safe as long as Harold was full , the cats ran to the cupboard . " Salmon , yes ! " said Max . " Should we broil it with lemon or-- " " Just give him a can opener ! " said Dakota .
" Delish ! " exclaimed Harold .
Later that day Max came up with a brilliant idea . Now they knew exactly what they 'd do if the detective returned .
Until then , all they had to do was to keep Harold hidden . And fed . Need a snack , Harold ?
They did n't have to wait long . Open up ! We know he 's in there !
" Ma'am , your neighbors called the zoo . They reported seeing someone suspiciously green in your backyard , " he said . " Okay , Harold . It 's no use hiding . Come on out , " said Irene .
" What ? ! " yelled the detective . " Who 's the real Harold ? "
" I really need to talk to him , " he said . " Look ! " " Gator Goof . Zoo wishes to right wrong , " Irene read . What ? I mean , woof !
" The dog we though Harold ate was n't the girl 's pet dog . It was her hot dog . We misunderstood . So Harold , whichever one is you , would you please come home ? " he pleaded .
" Of course I 'd like to come home , but I hate to leave my new family , " said Harold . " I love you all so much , I could eat you up . " But to the cats ' relief , he just hugged them close .

One day down on the farm , Duck got a wild idea . " I bet I could ride a bike ! " he thought . He waddled over to where the boy parked his bike , climbed on , and began to ride . At first he rode very slowly , and he wobbled a lot , but it was fun !
Duck rode past Cow and waved to her . " Hello , Cow ! " said Duck . " M - o - o - o , " said Cow . But what she thought was , " A duck on a bike ? That 's the silliest thing I 've ever seen ! "
Then Duck rode past Sheep . " Hello , Sheep ! " said Duck . " B - a - a - a , " said Sheep . But what she thought was , " He 's going to hurt himself if he 's not careful ! "
Duck was riding better now . He rode past Dog . " Hello , Dog ! " said Duck . " Woof ! " said Dog . But what he thought was , " That is a mighty neat trick ! "
Then Duck rode past Cat . " Hello , Cat ! " said Duck . " Meow , " said Cat . But what she thought was , " I would n't waste my time riding a bike ! "
Duck pedaled a little faster . He rode past Horse . " Hello , Horse ! " said Duck . " Ne - e - e - igh ! " said Horse . But what he thought was , " You 're still not as fast as me , Duck ! "
Duck rang his bell as he rode toward Chicken . " Hello , Chicken ! " said Duck . " Cluck ! Cluck ! " said Chicken . But what she thought was , " Watch where you 're going , Duck ! "
Then Duck rode past Goat . " Hello , Goat ! " said Duck . " M - a - a - a , " said Goat . But what he thought was , " I 'd like to eat that bike ! "
Duck stood on the seat and rode past Pig and Pig . " Hello , Pigs ! " said Duck . " Oink , " said Pig and Pig . But what they thought was , " Duck is such a show - off ! "
Then Duck rode no - hands past Mouse . " Hello , Mouse ! " said Duck . " Squeak , " said Mouse . But what he thought was , " I wish I could ride a bike just like Duck . "
Suddenly , a whole bunch of kids came down the road on bikes . They were in such a hurry that they did n't see Duck . They parked their bikes by the house and went inside .
Now all the animals had bikes ! They rode around and around the barnyard . " This is fun ! " they all said . " Good idea , Duck ! "
Then they put the bikes back by the house . And no one knew that on that afternoon , there had been a cow , a sheep , a dog , a cat , a horse , a chicken , a goat , two pigs , a mouse , and a duck on a bike .
THE END

Emily was a serious girl .
One day , while she was in a serious mood , taking a serious walk , she met Duck .
Duck was definitely not serious .
" Duck , " asked Emily , " What are you wearing ? "
" Socks ! " yelled Duck .
" Ducks do n't wear socks , " replied Emily , quite seriously .
" Cold feet ! " yelled Duck , and off he went .
The next day , they met again . Emily was still serious . Duck was still not .
" No socks ! " laughed Duck .
" But , " Emily pointed out , quite earnestly , " you 're wearing a tie and ducks do n't wear ties . "
" Big meeting ! " yelled Duck . ANd off he ran , tie flapping in the wind .
The day after , Emily was still a serious girl , but she almost smiled when she saw Duck again .
" A hat ? " asked Emily . " I have never seen a duck wear a hat . "
" Late for the roundup ! " yelled Duck . ANd off he galloped , into the sunset .
Emily almost laughed , but she bit her lip and managed to stay serious . Until the next day ...
" Duck ! " Emily began to ask , " Are those … ? "
" Boots ! " yelled Duck . " Fields to plow ! Crops to plant ! "
Emily 's lips slowly curled into smile , and she kept smiling until the next day when ...
" Duck ! " exclaimed Emily , at the sight of Duck wearing ...
" Underwear ! " yelled Duck .
" I have never , ever seen a duck wearing underwear ! " Emily gasped .
" Pants on the line ! " yelled Duck . ANd off he sailed , not the least bit embarrassed . Emily smiled . And she began to giggle .
Before she went to sleep that night , Emily laughed -- just a little bit -- to herself .
The next day , Emily just happened to meet Duck . Again .
But this time
" Emily ! " Called Duck . " What are you wearing ? "
" I 'm a duck ! " laughed Emily .
" A duck ! " yelled Duck .
Emily laughed so hard that she cried .
Duck laughed so hard that he quacked .
And off they went .

Max sat down .   He put up his feet .   He leaned back in his chair .   " Oh , yes , " he said .   " It 's nice to relax . "
Max looked around .   Brody was bringing in the newspaper .   Dakota was warming Irene 's feet .   Bebe was singing the kittens to sleep .
Everyone had something to do .   Everyone except him .
" Hmm , " said Max .   " What do I do around here ? "   Sometimes he baked snacks .   But he wondered if everyone liked them .
" Does anyone need me to do anything ? " Max asked .   No one answered .
Just then the doorbell rang .   " I 'll get it ! " Max yelled .
On the step stood three plump ducks in a row .   " Aunt Pat !   Aunt Dot !   Aunt Flo ! " said Max .
" Max could you take my bag ? " said Aunt Pat .   " And my bundle ? " said Aunt Dot .   " And my box ? " said Aunt Flo .   " Of course ! " said Max .
Max 's aunts told everyone they were on their way south .   They had stopped to visit until the first snowfall .
The aunts sat down on the couch .   " Max , could you make some tea ? " said Aunt Pat .
" With toast ? " said Aunt Dot .   " And jam ? " said Aunt Flo .   Max set to work .   It felt good to be needed .
Lucky for Max , the aunts needed him quite a bit .   They needed him to bring their books and find their glasses .
They needed him to turn on their lamps .
They needed him to run their baths , to fluff their pillows , and to close their curtains .
By the end of the day , Max was a little tired .   But it still felt good to be needed .
The next morning started early .   " Max , could you open this jar ? " said Aunt Pat .   " And untangle this yarn ? " said Aunt Dot .   " And fix this toaster ? " said Aunt Flo .
The rest of the week , all Max heard was " Max , could you … "
" Turn on the TV ? "   " Pop some popcorn ? "   " Change the channel ? "   " Shuffle the cards ? "   " Roll the dice ? "   " Keep the score ? "   " Pick a pumpkin ? "   " Pick an apple ? "   " Pick some flowers ? "
Max went out to the garden .   He was n't sure how much more being needed he could take !   Then he felt something .   A snowflake .   " The first snowfall ! " he said .
The very next day Max said good - bye to Aunt Pat , Aunt Dot , and Aunt Flo .   He was so tired he could hardly wave .
Max sat down .   He put up his feet .   He leaned back in his chair .   " Oh , yes , " he said .   " It 's nice to relax . "
Then he heard Irene 's voice .   " Max , could you … "   " Oh , no ! " thought Max .
" Max , could you use a blanket ? " said Irene .   Max nodded .
And he fell fast asleep .

Each Peach Pear Plum
I spy Tom Thumb
Tom Thumb in the cupboard
I spy Mother Hubbard
Mother Hubbard down the cellar
I spy Cinderella
Cinderella on the stairs
I spy the three bears
Three Bears out hunting
I spy Baby Bunting
Baby Bunting fast asleep
I spy Bo - Peep
Bo - Peep up the hill
I spy Jack and Jill
Jack and Jill in the ditch
I spy the Wicked Witch
Wicked Witch over the wood
I spy Robin Hood
Three Bears still hunting
THEY spy Baby Bunting
Baby Bunting safe and dry
I spy Plum Pie
Plum Pie in the sun
I spy ...

This is the Earth .
The Earth is a planet .
The Earth is 4.56 billion years old . The earth is one of the eight planets of the Solar System .
EARTH
The Earth is the third farthest planet from the Sun
and the fifth largest of the eight planes .
The Earth is called a terrestrial planet because it has a solid surface that you can stand on . The Earth is the only known planet in our Solar System to have life .
The Earth is made up of many different layers : a solid inner core , a liquid outer core , the mantle , and the crust , which is the part you stand on . The Earth also has an atmosphere , which is the sky you see and the air you breathe .
How big is the Earth ? The Earth 's average circumference is 24,873.6 miles .
The state of Texas is only 773 miles wide . It would take 32 Texas ' to go all the way around the Earth .
Earth spins like a giant top . Each rotation takes 24 hours , which is why we have day and night ! The sky is dark when that part of the Earth has rotated away from the Sun .
Scientists believe that life first appeared on Earth 3 billion years ago .
The Earth is the brightest planet in the Solar System because the Sun 's rays are reflected off of the Earth 's oceans .
The Earth is sometimes called the Blue Planet .
It is made up of 70 % water , so it looks blue from space !
Go outside and look up at the stars . What can you see ?

Our home in space is Earth .   It is round .
It is a planet .
Our home in space is Earth .   It circles the Sun .
It has day and night .
Our home in space is Earth .   It has a moon .
It has air , too .
Our home in space is Earth .   It has water .
It has land , too .
Our home in space is Earth .   It has plants .
It has animals , too .
Our home in space is Earth .   It has people
Let 's take good care of our home in space !

Aa APRICOT apricot ARTICHOKE artichoke
AVOCADO avocado APPLE apple ASPARAGUS asparagus
Bb BLUEBERRY blueberry BRUSSELS SPROUT brussels sprout BEAN bean BEET beet
BROCCOLI broccoli BANANA banana
Cc CURRANT currant CORN corn CELERY celery CUCUMBER cucumber
CABBAGE cabbage CHERRY cherry CARROT carrot CAULIFLOWER cauliflower
Dd DATE date Ee ENDIVE endive
EGGPLANT eggplant Ff FIG fig
Gg GOOSEBERRY gooseberry GRAPEFRUIT grapefruit
GRAPES grapes H HUCKLEBERRY huckleberry
Ii INDIAN CORN indian corn Jj JALAPENO jalapeno JICAMA jicama
Kk KUMQUAT kumquat KIWIFRUIT kiwifruit KOHLRABI kohlrabi
Ll LEMON lemon LEEK leek
LETTUCE lettuce LIME lime
Mm MANGO mango MELON melon NECTARINE nectarine
O OKRA okra ORANGE orange ONION onion
Pp PEACH peach PEAR pear PINEAPPLE pineapple
PAPAYA papaya PERSIMMON persimmon POMEGRANATE pomegranate PLUM plum
Pp PARSNIP parsnip PEA pea POTATO potato
PEPPER pepper PUMPKIN pumpkin
Qq QUINCE quince Rr RASPBERRY raspberry RADISH radish RUTABAGA rutabaga
RHURBARB rhubarb RADICCHIO radicchio
Ss SWISS CHARD swiss chard STAR FRUIT star fruit SPINACH spinach
STRAWBERRY strawberry Tt TANGERINE tangerine TURNIP turnip TOMATO tomato
Uu UGLI FRUIT ugli fruit Vv VEGETABLE MARROW vegetable marrow
Ww WATERMELON watermelon WATERCRESS watercress
Xx XIGUA xigua Yy YAM yam Zz ZUCCHINI zucchini

Apple Raspberries Cherries Tomato
Red Strawberries
Orange Oranges
Pumpkin Peach Cantaloupe Carrots
Corn Lemon Pepper Pineapple
Yellow Banana
Green Grapes
Pear Kiwi Broccoli Peas
Cabbage Figs Eggplant Grapes
Purple Plum
Pink Watermelon
Grapefruit Litchis Radish Guava
Coconut Cauliflower Eggs Cheese
White Milk
Brown Cereal
Mushrooms Raisins Potato Nuts
Which foods and colors
can you name ?

Eddie dreamed of adventure .
He imagined flying to far - off places and doing amazing things . Then one day ...
... someone appeared who was looking for adventure too . He walked up to Eddie . Eddie asked if he wanted to play .
He did . [ EXIT ]
Together they hunted for crocodiles ... and sailed the seven seas .
They built a secret fortress ... and explored a faraway jungle .
But when they got home , Eddie 's mom said the dog could n't stay because they did n't have a big yard . He would not be happy , stuck inside all day .
So he had to go . Eddie could n't stop thinking about him . [ HAPPY DOG ]
The dog must have thought about Eddie , too . Because the next day ...
he came back .
Eddie 's mom could n't believe it ! But she said they had to find him a better home - one with a bigger yard .
Eddie did n't think there was anything wrong with his home .
The dog must have thought the same . Because three days later , to Eddie 's delight ...
he came back .
Eddie 's mom took the dog to stay in the country . She said he would be happy there .
Eddie did n't think so .
Eddie was alone again . He wondered if the dog was missing him too .
Then , later that night , Eddie heard a noise . It was the dog . He had come back !
The dog had a plan . It was a good plan ...
a yard on the roof !
Eddie 's mom loved it . She said the dog could live with them . He 'd be happy now . Eddie was happy too . His friend was there to stay ...
... and it was time for adventure !

Caballos . Dato Hay unos 750 millones de caballos en el mundo ! Es hora de aprender todo sobre la fascinante vida de los caballos .
Caballo . Cebra . Los caballos son mamíferos . Eso quiere decir que tienen pelo y se alimentan de la madre . Los caballos pertenecen a la misma familia que las cebras y los burros .
A este tipo de marca se le dice careto . A este tipo de marca se le dice estrella . Hay mas de 200 tipos de caballos . Estos enimales pueden ser marrones , blancos , grises o negros . Algunos tienen marcas particulares como las que ves en la foto .
Esta ninfa monta sobre un pon . Hay caballos de muchos tamaños . Los Mas grandes miden 2 metros de alto . Los mas pequeños pueden medir un poco menos que tu . Durante los primeros anos de vida , a todos los caballos se les llama potros .
Capitulo 2 . Ha nacido un potro . Dato . Los potros casi siempre nacen durante la noche . Esta foto muestra un potro recién nacido . La mayoría de los potros nace en primavera .
Dato . Las hembras suelen parir un solo potro .
Los potros pueden caminar y correr a las pocas horas de nacer . Si se caen , se levantan rapidamente . Les encanta moverse !
Dato Los caballos son herbívoros . Eso quite decir que comen plantas . Al principio , los potros solo se alimentan de la leche de la madre . Al mes de nacidos , comienzan a comer hierba y paja .
Zanahorias . Azúcar . Manzanas . Después de un tiempo , los caballos pueden comer otros alimentos como zanahorias y manzanas . Los cubos de azúcar les gustan mucho .
Sonríe ! Los caballos tienen dientes de leche , igual que tu . Este caballo tiene un ano . Cuando un caballo cumple un ano todavía no se debe montar . Pero se le puede comenzar a entrenar ensenandole ordenes simples , como caminar y dentenerse .
Tabla de crecimiento de los caballos . Edad : al nacer , al mes , a los seis meses , al ano . Peso : 100 libras , 200 libras , 500 libras , 700 libras . Los alimentos y el ejercicio ayudan a que el portro crezca rapidamente . Un potro al nacer pesa un promedio de 100 libras . Al ano , puede pesar 700 libras !
Capitulo 3 . Crecer y aprender . Este caballo tiene tres anos y es casi un adulto . Las hembras adultas se llaman yeguas y los machos adultos se llaman sementales .
Partes de un caballo . Hocico . Crin . Cruz . Mira detenidamente este caballo adulto . El pelo del cuello se llama crin . La barbilla , la boca y los orificios nasales forman el hocico . Ese bulto que tiene en el lomo se llama cruz .
Trote . Medio galope . Cuando los caballos cumplen los tres anos ya se pueden montar . Aprenden a seguir ordenes como trotar , ir a medio galope o ir al galope , que es el movimiento mas rapido de todos .
Galope . Salto . Al cumplir los cinco anos , los caballos pueden hacer muchas cosas . Algunos son entrenados para correr o saltar en competencias .
Dato . Los caballos se han utilizado para cuidar del ganado por cientos de anos . A algunos caballos se les entrena para trabajar en ranchos . El caballo que aparence en la foto ayuda a llevar el ganado de un lugar a otro .
Dato . Se le dice " policía montada " a los policías que trabajan montados a caballo . A algunos caballos se les entrena para trabajar en las ciudades . Este oficial realiza su trabajo a caballo en vez de en auto . Por que ? Un caballo puede pasar por lugares estrechos mientras que un auto no .
Capitulo 4 . El cuidado de los caballos . Para que los caballos crezcan fuertes y saludables necesitan muchos cuidados . Deben tener suficiente paja y agua en su establo . Algunos caballos beben 15 galones de agua al dia .
Estos instrumentos se utilizan para cuidar a los caballos . Los caballos necesitan que los atiendan . Es muy importante cepillar el pelaje y quitar las piedrecillas de los cascos . Esto evita que se hagan dano al correr .
Dato . La mayoría de los caballos vive unos 25 anos .   Los caballos necesitan hacer mucho ejercicio . Cual es el mejor ejercicio que pueden hacer ? dar largas caminatas por el campo , por supuesto ! Arre !
Glosario : crin : el pelo largo y grueso que tienen los caballos en el cuello . Cruz : bulto en el lomo del caballo . Herbivoro : un animal que se alimenta de plantas . Pelaje : pelo del animal . Potro : un caballo muy joven . Promedio : lo normal o mas habitual . Semental : macho del caballo . Yegua : hembra del caballo .
Preguntas de compresión : 1 . Puedes nombrar un animal de la familia de los caballos ? 2 . Puedes decir dos cosas acerca de los potros ? 3 . Puedes nombrar tres partes de un caballo ? 4 . Puedes nombrar tres cosas para las que se entrena a los caballos ?
Mas datos sobre los caballos . El corazón de los caballos es muy grande . El corazón de un caballo puede pesar nueve libras . Los caballos pueden dormir de pie . Los caballos pueden relinchar , gemir , resoplar y chillar .

El sistema solar es una familia . The solar system is a family .
El system solar tine muchas partes . The solar system has many parts .
El Sol está en el centro . The sun is at the center .
Los planets obtienen luz y calor del Sol . The Planets get heat and light from the sun . Nueve planets giran alrededor del Sol . Nine planets go around the sun .
La Tierra es uno de los nueve planets . Earth is one of the nine planets .
La Tierra tine una luna . Earth has one moon . Hay siete planets que tienen una o más lunas . Seven planets have one moon or more .
Las lunas giran alrededor de los planets . The moons go around the planets .
Hay miles de asteroids en el sistema solar . There are thousands of asteroids in the solar system . Los asteroids son rocas grandes . Asteroids are big rocks .
Los asteroids giran alrededor del Sol . Asteroids go around the sun .
Los comets son bolas de hielo . Comets are balls of ice .
Los comets tienen colas cuando se acercan al Sol . Comets have tails when they 're near the Sun . Los comets giran alrededor del Sol . Comes go around the Sun .
Estrella fugaz es otra manner de deicer meteor . Shooting star is another name for meteor . Las estrellas fugues son pedazos de roca o de hierro que caen a la Tierra . Shooting stars are bits of rock or iron that fall to Earth .
Hay pedazos de roca o de hierro que giran alrededor del Sol . Bits of rock or iron go around the sun .
¡ El sistema solar es un GRAN familia ! The solar system is a great BIG family !

Gerald !
!
Let 's Dance !
I can teach you !
I am teaching all my friends .
I would love to learn how to dance .
But elephants can not dance .
You are kidding me . No .
Look it up .
Page 11 .
Gerald , it does not say that you can not
You are right , Piggie !
I
I
LET 'S DANCE !
Oof !
Okay . Let 's go . Jump with me when I count to three .
One ! Two ! Three !
JUMP !
JUMP !
You were a little late on the jump . I was a little late on the jump .
We will try again . We will try again .
Move your arms this way .
We will try again . We will try again .
Lift your leg this way .
We will try again . We will try again .
Up ! Up ?
Down ! Down ?
Spin ! Spin ?
Stop ! Stop ?
Forward ! Forward ?
Backward ! Backward ?
Wiggle - waggle ! Wiggle - waggle ?
Robot walk ! Robot walk ? !
ENOUGH !
I HAVE TRIED ! AND TRIED !
AND TRIED ! AND TRIED ! AND TRIED !
But I am an elephant .
And elephants just can not dance .
PLOP !
Oh , Gerald . . .
Hello - o - o - o - o - o - o ! We are ready to learn some moves !
I am sorry . I can not teach you now . My friend is sad .
Silly ! We do not want
Teach me , please ! Me too !
Me three !
More feeling ! Keep trying !
You are getting it !

Em was a lonely soul in a dark night - world . he could not remember where he had come from or where he was going . Em spend his days wandering in the silence , under the shadows if dark forests , over the brows of dark hills . All around was darkness , and Em was alone .
The night - world closed about him like a cloud , and he sometimes dreamed of stars shining like silver lanterns .
But when he woke the sky was wide and empty and black above him , all except for the moon who shone down on Em with light as soft and white as milk .
Em wound his was along narrow roads . He felt a soft , warm glow coming from deep inside him . Even though this feeling kept him warm at night , somehow it also make Em sad . It was this glowy feeling that compelled him to keep searching , day after day , for something that he did not know the name of .
One day , Em came to the top of a great , black hill . At the foot of the hill , he could see a light burning . As he gazed at the light , the glow inside him spread like flames and licked at the edges of his chest .
When he reached the bottom of the hill , he say that the light came from a white glowing flower , The flower reminded EM of the stars in his dreams , and its beaming blossoms made him warmer than he could eve remember feeling . The flower was all alone , so Em stayed to keep it company .
Every day Em took care of the flower , and every night the flower sang Em to sleep with a voice as sweet and clear as rain . For the first time since he could remember , Em felt content .
One morning , Em woke up , and from the moment he was aware , he knew something was terribly wrong . the glow in his chest had died and he was surrounded by cold . Everything was swallowed up in a choking fog and the flower was nowhere to be seen .
Em searched for the star - flower , feeling for its familiar stem on the ground . At last he touched the stem , but it was dry and withered . The light in the flower had gone out , and it was dead . Em was filled with a deep sadness . For a while he closed his eyes and just lay on the ground and gave into the fog , letting it wrap closely all around him .
After the fog cleared away , Em sadly picked himself up and journeyed on . He felt empty .
Em wandered through the night - world for many days and nights . On and on he went .
One cold , bitter gloaming Em came to the edge of a deep , black forest . The trees loomed overhead like thorny claws , and a secret seemed to whisper in their branches .
At the edge of that forest Em met a snow - white cat . The cat 's fur beamed with a soft light , and once more awoke the glow in Em 's heart .
The cat was friendly , and it was going the same was as Em , so they walked together into the forest . By day Em and the snow - cat were companions of the forest road , and at night the little cat climbed up into a tree and Em slept at the base , curled up in a nest of leaves .
The cat smelled out fresh streams of water threading like icy ribbons through the trees , and Em hunted for nuts and berries for them to eat . As long as they were together , Em felt warm and content , for the little cat was good company .
After many pleasant days the forest came to an end , and just outside of the trees was a fork in the road . Em felt drawn one way , but the cat wished to take the other road .
So Em and the little snow - cat said goodbye , and Em felt the glow inside die away once more as they parted ways .
Em 's days and nights melted together like shades of grey and black , and he wandered on alone . The warm glow inside him was hardly there at all anymore , and in its place was a clod emptiness . Perhaps it was dying for good . Em was weary and soul - sick , he had never felt more alone .
Even the stars in his dreams had gone out , and the moonlight was no longer soft like the milk , it was hard and chilled him to his bones .
At the edge of some treed he rested a little while at the edge of a deep , dark puddle . The water was still and smooth as glass and Em could see the dark trees and hills reflected inside that upside - down world . Only his own reflection , like the shadow of himself , stared solemnly back at him from the puddle .
Em began to lose hope of ever finding what he was searching for . What was left of the glow inside him dwindled away until he forgot it lived there at all . his footsteps grew slower and slower , and his head became too tired to hold up and look ahead . He knew he would only see more trees and more hills and more darkness . There was no one , only the emptiness inside him , and all around .
Em had been in the dark for so ling , he did n't even notice when the darkness grew brighter . He walked on and found himself at the foot of a giant hill . From the other side Em could see a distant glow . This gave him a good feeling , and glimmer of the old glow leaped up in his heart
Em 's footsteps were filled with anticipation as he climbed towards the light . The light was thin at first , like skeletal fingers , but then gleaming beams of light shown thicker and brighter , filling him up like a lantern . His steps became faster , but the climb seemed to take forever . With every step the glow spread further and further throughout him .
When he thought he could not take one more step , Em reached the top of the hill . As he stood breathless , the light washed over him with a thousand , glowing beams . He faced a blinding globe that sailed in a seal of light , sending out dancing rays that settled over every corner of the lands that lay about . Em stood as if bound by a spell . He had never seen a light strong enough to swallow up all the darkness , like this one did . The valley below was stained golden with light . The light filled the whole sky . For a moment it was all Em could see .
When his eyes got used to the light , Em could see thousands of other standing below , others just like him . They had been waiting for him . Em could feel their welcoming energy washing over his heartsick soul . Love grew inside him until it kindled his bones and blossomed like a fire in his heart . His long journey in the dark melted down to a single moment in time . He could see himself in the others , as if he were facing a mirror . He was n't alone anymore . The black , empty world was gone , no more darkness and dreams , no more wandering . Em had found what he was searching for . His dreams had come true . He was home .

I was strolling in the park with my brother , Peter .
Suddenly I tripped on a rock and fell breaking my tiara and wand . " Oh no ! Look at your wand ! You never go anywhere without it , " said Peter . " What are you going to do ? " " I have an idea ! I 'll make a new one out of this stick , " I said .
" And you can use these vines , " said Peter . " And that flower ! " I said , pointing to a plant I had never seen before .
" I love you , pretty wand ! " I said , kissing the wand . The wand began to sparkle . " Wow ! Did you see that ? " said Peter . " Are you a MAGIC wand ? " I asked , and the want flew out of my hand . " Come back here ! " I yelled . The wand did not listen to me . " I am Pinkalicious , the Princess of Pink , and I command you to return to me ! " The wand paused , and then flew further up the path .
" Maybe it is n't listening to you because you do n't have a crown or a cape like a real princess , " said Peter . " You 're right ! " I said , I picked some flowers and made a crown . Then I tied leaves together and wove flowers to make a cape .
I am the Princess of flowers ! " I announced .
When we turned the corner , I found the magic wand on a pile of garbage . " Yuck ! " said Peter . " It smells . " I reached for the wand , but it flew up into a tree . " What a sad tree ! Its leaves are dropping . " I climbed the tree and grabbed my magic wand . " This is where we had picnics ! What happened ? " asked Peter . " This used to be my favorite park , " I said .
Suddenly there was a loud crack . The tree swayed , and the branch that I was sitting on broke . I fell to the ground with a thud , " OUCH ! "
" Harrumph ! I need a chair . " I waved the magic wand and said , " Buckets , bow tie , and a bone . All this garbage makes me groan . What I would lobe is a pretty throne . " Garbage started flying through the sky and the magically transformed into a throne .
" Did that REALLY happen ? " I gasped . " Wow ! you should make a castle ! " said Peter . " Make a castle ! " I commanded . Nothing happened .
" What a silly wand ! " I said , and threw it to the ground . The wand sparkled . " It has to work , since it worked before and made the throne ! " insisted Peter . " Hmm , what did I say when I made the throne ? " I asked Peter .
Peter giggled , imitating me in a high - pitched voice -- " You said , ' What I would love ... ' " " Look , Peter ! When you said ' love ' , a little flower bloomed ! Love , " I whispered . Another flower opened . " Love , " I said again , and a third flower blossomed . " Suitcase , snorkel , stinky shoe . I love pink , purple and blue . Make me colors in every hue ! " I waved my magic wand , and flowers grew out of the ground .
" HEY , HOW DID YOU DO THAT ? " asked Peter . " It 's easy ! Take the wand , describe what is around you and ask for what you want with love ... " " And make up a rhyme ! " added Peter . " Watch me , " I said .
" Grapefruit , girdle , and a glove . Make a place filled with love . Bring in birds from up above ! " Garbage started flying in a million directions , and colorful , twittering birds appeared .
" Let me try ! " Peter begged , and quickly said , " Television , towel , and a tassel . I 'm a prince who loves his castle . Please make me one without a hassle ! "
A castle appeared . " It WORKS ! Look , it even has a moat ! It took the garbage and made a castle ! I ca n't believe it ! " said Peter . " Wow ! What else can we make ? "
" I know ... " I said . " Telephone , teacup , and twine . I 'd love a dress that 's really fine . Take this trash and make it mine ! "
Right before my eyes , a beautiful new outfit was made .
" Now i 'll make something for you , Peter . " Hairbrush , hanger , harp , and heel . What I love is this old wheel ... " I said .
" Recycle it into a boat mobile ! " finished Peter .
" Let me do it . This is fun ! " Peter said , grabbing the wand . " I want to make a cookie - candy - icecream machine that makes a different flavor of sweets every ten minutes , and a robot to clean my room , and then a great big rocket ! " " Peter , come back here NOW ! I 'll share with you , but it 's MY turn , and I have a really good wish ! "
" Let 's fix this garbage dump , " I said , " It sure is ugly and stinky ! ' " Detergent , doughnut , and dirty dishes , Pinkalicious loves her wishes . Make this place Emeraldelicious ! "
I waved my majic want ... and the dump transformed into a greentastic garden .
Just then , there was a gust of wind . The magic wand broke apart and filled the sky with sparkly seeds .
" OH NO ! What are we going to do without the wand ? We ca n't make things happen anymore " Peter cried , " The magic is gone ! "
" Do n't worry , Peter . We still have everything we need ! " I said , " We have these seeds , and with a little love we can make the entire world EMERALDALICIOUS ! " " And that would be greenerrific ! " said Peter .

Every cowgirl needs dancin ' boots , and I have a brand - new pair . But you ca n't go dancin ' all alone .
" How about making friends with those new girls across the street ? " Mama said . " The youngest looks about your age . " " The glitter girls ? " I asked . I stood on tiptoes to see past the older sisters till one of 'em caught me spying . All their laughin '   made me lonely . So , I did what any cowgirl would do .
I went and got my Beauty , the two - wheeled horse Mama and Daddy got me for my birthday . I put my boots in the stirrups , and we galloped out toward those glitter girls .
" Howdy there ! " I hollered . " Wanna go ridin ' ? " The glitter girls shook their heads . " Not in ballet slippers . " Hmpff , I thought . They need boots .
Back home , Mama carried a tray of cookies to the table . " I 'm not hungry , " I said . But Ginger sure was . She hopped up for a closer sniff and started two - steppin ' with Mama !
I laughed . " Ginger , get your dancin ' boots on ! You 've just given me a plan . "
DANCE TONIGHT . Popcorn
You ARE INVITED ! ! ! 1st annual BARNYARD BASH Tonight -- > my house ( Nellie Sue ) . Line dancing ! ! Y'ALL come !
I slung a bag over my shoulder , and Beauty and I galloped off like the Pony Express , with invites for the whole county- even the glitter girls .
" Thanks , " said the youngest . " I 'm Anna . " " Ballerinas do n't belong in barns , " said an older sister . " There 'll be popcorn and pink lemonade . " " Well , we 'll think about it . " She shrugged .
When Beauty and I got home , my braids were droopin ' and my boots were draggin ' . " Ballerinas do n't belong in barns , " I told Mama . I wished cowgirls could be quitters , but a cowgirl 's got a code of honor ... so I got right to work .
I swept the floor and scooted hay bales . I hung lanterns from the ceiling and streamers from the rafters . Then I hauled in the chuck wagon . Nice and steady-- so nothing spilled .
I stepped into my new boots while Mama prettied up my braids , and I ...
... waited ... and waited and waited .
" Hey , Cowgirl . How about giving your first dance to Dad ? " He hoisted me up and spun me around . When I looked over his shoulder , I nearly lost my spurs .
The whole neighborhood was standin ' by my hitchin ' post ! Even Anna and her glitter sisters ! I gave them a hearty cowgirl welcome , tutus and all .
When Daddy turned up the music , my dancin ' boots were ready for some two - steppin ' . With their slippery soles , they were perfect for scootin ' along the smooth floor-- nice and slick .
Maybe a little too slick . Two steps was all it took to glide into the chuck wagon and send it rollin ' . The pitcher tipped , and a river of lemonade ran through the middle or my party . I slipped on a wet spot ...
... and fell into the crowd . One dancer toppled into another , and
Trip . Slip . Slide . All the glitter girls went tumblin ' down .
Ginger hustled over to help . she speckled the girls ' leotards with paw prints and gave them sloppy kisses .
I wanted to melt into my dancin ' boots . My barnyard bash was turning into a sticky flop .
But then Anna started laughing . " Pink polka dots ! " she yelled . " My favorite ! " Soon everyone was laughing , and Ginger jumped and twirled even more . I gave them a bashful grin . " Look , Ginger wants to be a ballerina , too ! "
" I 'd rather be a cowgirl , " said Anna . I knew what I had to do-- I handed over my brand - new boots , and we lined up for our hoedown .
p[blank ]
pBecause even more than dancin ' boots , every cowgirl needs a friend ...
p ... and I do have that .

There are more than 350 kinds of sharks . Some sharks are huge . Others are tiny . And some look quite strange ! Are you ready to learn about the most extreme sharks ?
Sharks are fish . Like other fish , sharks have gills . Gills let fish breathe underwater . Also , like other fish , sharks have fins that help them swim .
But sharks are also different from other fish . Some fish can flap their fins . This lets them stop or swim backward . Sharks ca n't move their fins in this way .
There is another difference between sharks and other fish . Sharks have rough skin . Other fish have smooth scales .
Sharkskin is made of scales that are hard like teeth . The shape of the scales helps sharks move through the water .
The biggest difference between sharks and other fish are bones . Sharks do n't have hard bones . They have cartilage . You can feel cartilage in your ears and the tip of your nose . It is stiff . But it also bends .
Now that you know what is special about sharks , let 's meet some different kinds .
The whale shark is the biggest fish in the ocean . It can grow bigger than a school bus . The stripes and spots on each whale shark are different . No two whale sharks look exactly the same .
The whale shark keeps its mouth open while it swims slowly . Tiny animals called plankton go into its giant mouth . The shark swallows plankton and other small fish . Then it spits out the water .
The dwarf lantern is the smallest shark ! It is only about six inches long . But it eats the same food as the huge whale shark .
There are different kinds of lantern sharks . They are called lantern sharks because they can light up ! They live deep in the ocean , where it is very dark .
Cookiecutter sharks are less than two feet long . They do n't use their sharp teeth to kill . They just take bites out of larger fish and even whales !
Here is how a cookiecutter shark gets its name . It grabs on to an animal with its teeth and lips . Then it spins around . The bite mark makes a perfect circle .
Nothing else looks like a hammerhead shark ! Its head is shaped like a hammer !
Hammerheads have eyes on each end of their head . This helps hammerheads look for the animals they eat . Hammerheads eat stingrays and other animals that hide in the sand . When they are really hungry , they sometimes eat other hammerheads .
The goblin shark lives in deep water . It has pink skin , small eyes , and a long , pointed nose , or snout . The goblin shark uses its snout to hunt and fight .
A hungry goblin shark lifts its snout to stick out its teeth . Then it is ready to grab its food .
Great white sharks are the biggest hunting fish . Their sharp teeth can grow more than two inches long . That may be longer than your fingers !
Great white sharks have super senses . They can smell a drop of blood in the water about a third of a mile away ! That 's about five football fields !
The spotted wobbegong is a flat shark . It lives on the bottom of the ocean . Some people call it a carpet shark .
The spotted wobbegong waits for fish to swim by . Then it quickly opens its mouth and eats the fish .
Basking sharks can grow to more than thirty feet long . Some people think they look like sea monsters . But they are not dangerous to us .
Basking sharks are like whale sharks . They eat plankton and tiny animals .
The bigeye thresher shark has the longest tail of all sharks . Its tail can be as long as its body .
They bigeye thresher shark swings its tail like a baseball bat . It hits smaller fish that swim by . Then the shark uses its tail to push the fish into its mouth .
Short - finned mako sharks are the fastest sharks . They can swim more than forty miles per hour . That 's as fast as a car going down the street .
Short - finned mako sharks can jump up to twenty feet in the air . That 's high enough to jump over a giraffe !
The longnose sawshark has a long , flat head and snout . The snout looks like a saw . It has large , sharp teeth on both sides .
This shark also has long whiskers called barbels . The shark uses its barbels to find animals that hide in the sand .
Sharks live in every ocean of the world . They can be many different colors , shapes , and sizes . Which one do you think is the most extreme ?

Look at the yellow leaves .
Look at the orange leaves .
Look at the red leaves .
Look at the brown leaves .
Look at the colorful leaves .
Wow !
Look at me !

Every Septober , Every Octember , Fall fils my senses with scenes to remember .
Apples turn orange . Pumpkins turn red . Leaves float up into blue skies overhead .
Bears gather nuts . Geese hibernate .
Squirrels fly south in big figure eights .
Scarecrows stand guard over candy corn sprouts . Milkweed pods open and monarchs fly out .
Touchdowns are hit . Home runs are kicked .
Kids leap in great heaping piles of sticks .
Hats cover hands . Gloves cover ears . Bonfires cool off our fronts and our rears .
Warm apple syrup , baked maple seeds , and caramel pumpkins taste yummy indeed .
Wolves say " Meow . " Black cats say " Whoo . " Horned owls howl at the full moon - " How - OOOO ! "
Mummies go bats . Vampires ride brooms . Tightly wrapped witches escape from their tombs .
Neighbors give stuffing and drumsticks for treats .
Families give thanks for a bounty of sweets .
Can this be fall ? Close , but not quite . Go back and find all the things that are n't right .

What is Fall ? spring summer fall winter There are four seasons every year .
Fall is one of the four seasons .
When is Fall ? spring summer winter fall The four seasons follow a pattern .
Fall comes after summer .
The weather in Fall . It can be cooler in fall .
It can be foggy in fall .
What can we see in fall ? In fall we can see people in sweaters .
In fall we can see people in coats .
In fall we can see colored leaves on trees .
In fall we can see colored leaves on the ground .
In fall we can see seeds .
In fall we can see fruits and vegetables .
in fall we can see berries .
In fall we can see pumpkins .
In fall we can see bonfires .
In fall we can see fireworks .
In fall we can see animals carrying food .
In fall we can see birds flying away .
Which season comes next ? Which season comes after fall ?
Picture Glossary Bonfire outdoor fire pattern happening in the same order seed plants make seeds . Seeds grow into new plants .

There are all kinds of families .
Some families are big and have
cousins , aunts , uncles , grandparents , and even great - grandparents .
Some are small .
Sometimes the people in
a family look alike .
Sometimes they do n't .
Some families have children born to them .
Some adopt .
Some children have one parent . Some have two - a mom and a dad ,
or two moms or two dads .
Others have a grandparent , an aunt , or an uncle living with them .
The people in a family may not all live in the same place .
When members of a family live far away , they like to visit .
They get together at celebrations and reunions .
Families have fun ...
... being together .
They help one another .
People in a family love
and care about each other .
There are many different kinds of families .
What about yours ?

I adore school . ( Adore means to really , really like something . )   But today I ca n't wait to go home . I am going to bake cupcakes -- fancy cupcakes .
" Nancy , did you hear what I just said ? " Ms. Glass asks . I shake my head . " I will repeat it , " Ms. Glass says . ( Repeat is fancy for saying something over again . ) " There is no recess tomorrow because of the bake sale . " The bake sale is to raise money for library books .
Before I leave , I go over to Ms. Glass . " I am sorry . I was n't being a good listener . "
Ms. Glass smiles . " I know you are trying to improve . " ( Improve is fancy for getting better at something . ) I hug Ms. Glass . I adore her . Really I do .
On the way home Bree says she is making brownies for the bake sale . Robert is making a red velvet cake .
It is not really made with velvet . ( That is a very fancy kind of cloth . ) But the inside is all red . " I will definitely buy a piece , " I tell him .
At the market , my mom buys eggs and milk , flour and sugar , and butter .
" Do n't forget sprinkles and candy , " I tell her . It 's lucky I am here or we would end up with plain cupcakes !
I want to start baking right away . I listen carefully to my mother . Ms. Glass would be very proud . I put all the right stuff in the batter . I pour the batter into the cupcake pan .
My sister is not such a good listener . My mom tells her three times to keep her fingers out of the batter .
The cupcakes come out of the oven . Ooh la la ! What a lovely aroma ! ( Aroma is fancy for smell . ) When they cool off we put on frosting and sprinkles and candy .
I want to show Mrs. DeVine my cupcakes . My mom says , " Come back soon . And be sure to leave the cupcakes where Frenchy ca n't get them . " I am already out the door .
Mrs. DeVine buys a cupcake . She says it is delectable . ( That is fancy for yummy . )
I come home and call Bree . We make a deal . I will buy two of her brownies . She will buy two of my cupcakes . I hope I sell all of them .
A minute later I hang up .
Then I see Frenchy 's face . Frosting is all over her mouth !
Oh no ! The cupcakes are a mess .
" Nancy , did n't you listen ? " my mom asks . " I said to leave them in a safe place . "
" It is all my fault . I was n't listening , " I tell my mom .
Just then my dad comes home . I tell him what happened . " Now I do n't have cupcakes for the bake sale . "
" Cupcakes ? " my dad says . " You baked cupcakes already ? " Then he holds out a big bag . In it is all the stuff for cupcakes .
" I told you I would buy everything , " both my parents say at the same time . Then they start laughing . I laugh too . Nobody in my family is a good listener !
After dinner we bake cupcakes all over again . I am exhausted . ( That 's fancy for very tired . )
My dad says , " Nancy , please get ready for bed . " Guess what ? For once , he does n't have to repeat himself !
The bake sale is a big success . My cupcakes are all gone . " Oh ! " I say to my mom . " I did n't even get to taste one . "
" Look ! " my mom says . She saved one for me . I taste it . Mmm . Totally delectable .

Do you have siblings ? That 's fancy for sisters or brothers . I do , JoJo is my little sister . My parents say she is a handful , which is polite for really naughty .
One time she hid from Grandma in the children 's coats department .
Another time she poured Easter - egg dye in her kiddie pool and dunked Frenchy in it . Last summer she used up all of Dad 's shaving cream to make it snow .
But today she did something despicable -- that 's fancy for a billion times worse than bad . JoJo gave Marabelle a tattoo ! She used indelible marker . Indelible means permanent , and permanent means it wo n't ever come off . Never , ever .
" Marabelle asked for a tattoo , " JoJo tells Mom . " She wanted to look like a pirate , too . " " That 's a big fat lie ! " I shout .
JoJo gets a time - out . Then my mom tries consoling me . That 's fancy fro making me feel better . " Nobody can see the tattoo . Not with her clothes on . " " It does n't matter . I know it 's there , " I say .
" Would this make you feel better ? " My mom shows me an ad in the newspaper . " A gala is a very fancy party , " she explains . " All the girls will come with their dolls . " A gala ? " I guess it could n't hurt , " I tell Mom .
That afternoon , Marabelle and I try to decide what to wear to the gala . We are both partial to purple , which means it 's just about our favorite color .
Later , I try to scrub off Marabelle 's tattoo . But it is a hopeless situation . That means absolutely nothing works .
I am still not on speaking terms with JoJo when Mom and I leave the next morning .
Ooh la la ! We arrive at the Andsley Park Hotel . It has a canopy and a red carpet out front .
Double ooh la la ! The gala is in the grand ballroom . Although many dolls are wearing the same ensemble as Marabelle , she is the most beautiful by far . Marabelle is the fanciest doll in the universe .
Marabelle rides on the doll carousel . I wave and shout " Bonjour ! " every time she comes around .
Then we wait in line at the photo booth to have our pictures taken .
Marabelle would love to go into the doll dress shop and try on ball gowns , but I am worried someone might see her tattoo .
Instead , Marabelle joins some other dolls for tea . She tells them her name is Marabelle Lavinia Chandelier and then says , " Enchantee , cherie . " That 's French for " Pleased to meet you , darling . "
" It 's time for our tea now , " my mom tells me . " I grab Marabelle and we sit at a big table loaded with delicacies . ( That 's fancy for fancy food . ) I dab my lips with my napkin and try to remember to take dainty bites .
Soon a lady announces the raffle . " Everybody look under your saucers . Whoever has the winning ticket number will receive a History Doll gift certificate . "
Alas , we do not win . " Oh well , cherie , " I say to Marabelle . " We still had a marvelous time . " That 's when I notice something strange . Marabelle is not looking at me . Well , one of her eyes is . But the other eye is n't . And . . . lots of her hair is missing in the back .
I duck down and take off Marabelle 's dress . There 's no tattoo ! Right away , I come to a shocking conclusion . That means I realize something horrible has happened .
" Mom ! This is n't Marabelle ! This is somebody else 's doll ! " People are starting to leave , but my mom tells me not to panic . She knows how to find Marabelle . I listen and say okay , because there really does n't seem to be any other solution .
In a flash my mother rushes up to talk to the lady . " Attention , everybody kindly remain in your seats , " the lady announces . " Two dolls have gotten mixed up . Will everyone please look to see if you have a doll with , er -- with a drawing on her tummy ? "
A moment later a girl cries , " Yipes ! This is n't my doll . This doll has a tattoo ! " How mortifying for Marabelle . That 's fancy for humiliating , which is fancy for very embarassing .
The girl and I exchange dolls . " My little brother cut off Lily 's hair , " she says . " And he poked out one of her eyes . " " Oh , I sympathize with you -- I know exactly how you feel , " I tell her . " My little sister gave Marabelle the tattoo . "
On the way home I cover Marabelle 's face with kisses . What a joyful reunion ! That means it 's great being together again .
" Without the tattoo , we night not have found Marabelle , " my mom points out . " Are you saying what JoJo did was good ? Because it was n't . It was despicable ! " I say .
" I understand , " Mom says . " But JoJo wo n't always be so naughty . Little by little , she 'll become more mature . . . she 'll act grown up and responsible , like you . " Hmm , I had n't thought about it that way before .
I guess I 'm not that only girl whose sibling is a handful . And even though part of me is still a little mad , I accept JoJo 's apology . After all , it could have been worse . At least Marabelle is n't bald .

Stars are so fascinating .   ( That 's a fancy word for interesting . )   I love how they sparkle in the sky .
Tonight is our class trip .   Yes !   It 's a class trip at night !   We are going to the planetarium .   That is a museum about stars and planets .
Ms. Glass tells us , " The show starts at eight .   We will all meet there . "   I smile at my friend Robert .   My parents are taking Robert and me .
Then Ms. Glass asks , " What star is closest to Earth ? "   That 's easy .   It 's the sun .
" What do you call stars that make a picture ? " asks Ms. Glass .   Robert and Bree have both forgotten .   " I know , I know , " I say .   " A constellation . "
Ms. Glass nods .   On the wall are pictures .   There 's the hunter and the crab and the Big Dipper .   It looks like a big spoon .
We will see all of them at the show .   I can hardly wait .
At home , Robert and I put glow - in - the - dark stickers on our T - shirts .   Mine has the Big Dipper .   Robert has the hunter on his .
We spin my mobile and watch the planets orbit the sun .   ( Orbit is a fancy word .   It means to travel in a circle . )
Then we pretend to orbit until we get dizzy .
Later , we bake star cookies .   Sprinkles make them sparkle .   " The sun is a star , " I tell my sister .   " It is the closest star , so we see it in the day . "
After dinner , we wait for the baby - sitter .   She is very late .   Dad says not to worry .   We have plenty of time .
At last we get in the car .   Drip , drip , drip .   It is raining .
The rain comes down harder and harder .   Dad drives slower and slower .   It is getting later and later .
A policeman comes over .   " The road is closed , " he tells my parents .   " There is too much water . "
Oh no !   There are cars in front of us .
There are cars behind us .   We are stuck !
" The show is starting soon ! " Robert says .   " We will not make it . "   Drip , drip , drip goes the rain .   Drip , drip ,   drip go my tears .   Robert and I are so sad .   We do not even want any cookies .   At last the cars move and the rain stops .   But it is too late .   The night sky show is over .
By the time we get home , the sky is full of stars .   They are brilliant !   ( That 's a fancy word for shiny and bright . )
I get a brilliant idea .   ( Brilliant also means very smart . )   We can have our own night sky show .
My parents get my sister .   We set up beach chairs .   Mom lights candles .   Dad puts the cookies on a tray .   We eat alfresco .   ( That 's fancy for eating outdoors . )
We watch the stars .   We see the North Star .   We see the Big Dipper .
All at once , something zooms across the sky .   " A shooting star , " Dad says .   " Make a wish ! "   I tell Dad it is not a star .   It is a meteor .   But I make a wish anyway .
The next day Ms. Glass says , " Everyone missed the show because of the storm .   So we will go next week . "   Everybody is very happy .   And guess what ?   My wish came true !

Monday is my favorite day .   Why ?   Monday is Library Day .
Before we leave , we select a book .   ( Select is a fancy word for pick . )   It is like getting a present for a week !
Bree selects a book on dinosaurs .   Robert selects a book of funny poems .   Teddy selects a scary story .
I select a book about an Indian girl .   She has a fancy name , Sacajawea .   You say it like this : SACK - uh - jah - WAY - ah .
Later Ms. Glass has thrilling news .   ( Thrilling is even more exciting than exciting . )   We get to do a book report !
" Your first book report .   How grown up ! " my mom says at dinner .
" Yes , I know , " I say .   " My book is a biography .   It is about a real person . "
After dinner I read my book .   Dad helps with the hard words .   I learn all about Sacajawea .   Sacajawea was a princess .   She lived two hundred years ago out West .   She helped two explorers reach the Pacific Ocean .
Mom takes me to the art store .   I need stuff for my book report .   I want it to be great !
( I am the second - best artist in our class .   This is n't bragging .   You can ask anybody . )
I get a bag of little beads , some yarn , and markers .
I start working on the cover .   I work on it every night .   I make Sacajawea look very brave , because she was .   She found food for the explorers .   She kept them safe from enemies .
" Just remember to leave time for the words , " Mom keeps saying .   " I will .   I will , " I tell her .
" Ms. Glass wants you to write about the book , " Dad says over and over .   " That 's what a report is . "   " I know that ! " I tell him .   Writing the words will be easy .
Ta - da !   The cover is finished .   Sacajawea has yarn braids .   Beads and fringe are glued on her clothes .   I must admit it is dazzling .   ( That is fancy for eye - popping . )
Now I will write my report .   I get out lined paper and a pen with a plume .   ( That 's a fancy word for feather . )
The trouble is , I am tired .   I know all about Sacajawea .   But the right words wo n't come .   What am I   going to do ?
I have to hand in my report tomorrow !   " I am desperate ! " I tell Mom .   ( That means I 'm in trouble . )
Mom lets me stay up longer .   Still my report ends up only two sentences long .
The next day , everyone sees my cover and says , " Wow ! "
But hearing other reports makes me nervous .   All of them are longer than mine .   All of them are more interesting .
I read my report .   " Sacajawea was a heroine .   She helped people in trouble . "   Everybody waits to hear more .   But there is no more .
I am crestfallen .   ( That is fancy for sad and ashamed . )   " I spent too much time on the cover , " I tell Ms. Glass .
Ms. Glass understands .   " Why do n't you tell the class about your book ? "
So I do .   I tell them all about the brave things Sacajawea did .
Sacajawea was a heroine .   Ms. Glass is a heroine too .   At least , she is to me !

A cow is a farm friend .   It says , " Moo ! "
A pig is a farm friend .   It says , " Oink ! "
A lamb is a farm friend .   It says , " Baaa ! "
A chick is a farm friend .   It says , " Peep ! "
A mouse is a farm friend .   It says , " Squeak ! "
A horse is a farm friend .   It says , " Neigh ! "
A kid is a farm friend .   He says , " Come and play ! "

Farmer Dale 's red pickup truck hauled a load of hay . A bossy cow , with eyes of brown , was standing in the way .
" How 'bout a ride ? " asked Bossy Cow . " Hop in , " said Farmer Dale . " Mooove over ! " ordered Bossy Cow . " There 's no room for my tail . "
The truck bounced up . The truck bounced down . It spit and sputtered toward the town .
Farmer Dale 's red pickup truck was chugging right along . A woolly sheep came strolling by , bleating out a song .
" Room for more ? " sang Woolly Sheep . " Fit me in somehow ? " " No problem , " answered Farmer Dale . " Mooove over , " uttered Cow .
The truck bounced up and shimmied . It coughed and wheezed back down .
The pickup spit a cloud of smoke and sputtered toward the town .
Farmer Dale 's red pickup truck hit a rocky bump . It swerved beside a roly pig , skating past the dump .
" Oh , my stars ! " squealed Roly Pig . " You folks just knocked me down . " " so sorry , " Dale apologized . " Need a ride to town ? " " I do indeed , " said Roly Pig . " My skates are broken now . " " Climb aboard , " sang Woolly Sheep . " Mooove over , " ordered Cow .
The truck bounced up and groaned back down . It hiccuped twice and chugged toward town .
Farmer Dale 's red pickup truck slowly rattled on . A goat with an accordion stood grazing on the lawn . " Can I squeeze in ? " asked Nanny Goat . " My pleasure , " Farmer said .
" Ba - a - a - d idea , " sang Woolly Sheep . " The Engine 's almost dead . " " No room ! lamented Roly Pig . " We 're overcrowded now ! " " We 'll make some room , " said Farmer Dale " Mooove over ! " bossed the cow .
The truck bounced up . The springs all popped . The bumper bumped . The pickup stopped .
Farmer Dale 's red pickup truck stood stranded in the road . " It seems you have a problem , " a cocky rooster crowded .
" We do , " admitted Farmer Dale . " The problem is we 're stuck . The weight of all these animals is too much for my truck . " Rooster eyed the animals . " You 're such a cozy group . I hate to cluck like Mother Hen , but who will fly the coop ? "
" I just squeezed in , " said Nanny Goat . " I 'm faint , " squealed Roly Pig . " I wo n't mooove , " said Bossy Cow . " I 'm boss of this red rig . "
" Too ba - a - a - d for you , " sang Woolly Sheep . " The biggest has to go . " " Settle down , " said Farmer Dale . " Let 's think now - nice and slow . "
" I 'll get out , " the farmer said , " and push us from the rear . " " Good idea , " said Nanny Goat . Cow replied , " I 'll steer . " Farmer Dale 's red pickup truck did n't budge at all . Dale pushed until his face was red , and then he heard a call .
" Can I butt in ? " asked Nanny Goat . " I 'd like to lend a hoof . " Rooster squawked , " I 'll point the way , " then roosted on the roof . " I 'll pitch in , " sang Woolly Sheep . " I 'll ra - a - a - m it with my head . " " Do n't hog the fun , " said Roly Pig . " Let 's all help out , instead . "
The pickup rocked and rumbled . It rolled an inch or so . " It 's moooving ! " shouted Bossy Cow . The rooster crowed , " Too slow ! " " Turn the key , " said Farmer Dale . " I ca n't ! " the cow replied . " She 's got no ha - a - a - nds , " explained the sheep . Farmer Dale just sighed .
" You should steer , " said Bossy Cow . " We 'll mooove this heap along . " The beasts all pushed together and sang a working song . The pickup bounced and shimmied . It groaned and squeaked and wheezed . It spit a thankful cloud of smoke and stared with a sneeze .
Farmer Dale 's red pickup truck rumbled into town , hauling Goat and Pig and Sheep , and Cow with eyes of brown .
Rooster roosting on the hood cried , " Cock - a - doodle - cluck ! "
" Hip - hooray for Farmer Dale and his red pickup truck ! "
Talent Contest TOWN PARK TODAY

Sam lived with his mother in a little house by the sea . Most of the time Sam was happy . But there was something he wanted very much . " I wish I had a grandma , " Sam said . " I wish it more than anything . " Sam wished for a grandma when he saw the first star at night . He wished for a grandma when he blew out the candles on his birthday cake . He wished for a grandma when he got the wishbone at Christmas . Sam wished and wished and wished . Then one day , he asked his mother , " Do wishes ever come true ? " " Sometimes , " said his mother . " But you must do something to make your wishes come true . " Sam nodded his head . " I will find out where I can get a grandma . "
Sam took all the dimes and nickels from his piggy bank . He thought a grandma might cost a bit of money . Then Sam hurried down the street . He waited at the corner for the light to change . Sam saw a firefighter on a ladder . The firefighter was bringing a cat down from a tree . " Excuse me , " Sam said to the firefighter , " do you know where I can get a grandma ? " " No . " The firefighter tickled the kitten under the chin . The kitten purred . " Grandmas do not grow on trees , you know . " " Thanks anyway , " said Sam .
Sam passed a store . There was a sign in the window : We sell everything under the sun . " Excuse me , " Sam said to the lady behind the counter . " Do you know where I can get a grandma ? " " No . " The lady dusted the counter . The dust made her sneeze . " Grandmas are not a dime a dozen , you know . " " Thanks anyway , " said Sam . Sam stopped in the park . He saw a magician with a black hat and a black cape . The magician made the children laugh and clap their hands . " Excuse me , " Sam said to the magician . " Do you know where I can get a grandma ? " " No . " The magician pulled a white rabbit out of his hat . The rabbit hopped all around the children . " You can not pull grandmas out of hats , you know . " " Thanks anyway , " said Sam . Sam frowned . Grandmas did not grow on trees . Grandmas were not a dime a dozen . And grandmas could not be pulled out of hats . So where could he get a grandma ?
Then Sam had an idea . He turned in at the newspaper office . They had all the news . They would tell him where he could get a grandma . Sam stood in line behind a man with white hair . " I want to put something in the paper , " the man said . " What would you like to say ? " asked the lady in charge . The man said , " ' Gentleman looking for a nice lady to go for long walks and talks . ' " The lady wrote it down on a pad of paper . The man paid the lady and left . It was Sam 's turn next . " Hello , " said Sam . He put his money on the counter . He put the nickels in one pile . He put the dimes in another pile . " Oh , hello , " said the lady . " What would you like to say ? " Sam said , " ' Very nice boy looking for grandma who likes to do grandma things . ' " The lady wrote it down . " Good luck , " she said . Sam waited and waited . Then one day the phone rang . It was the newspaper lady . " You must come to the office right away ! " she said . Sam zoomed down the street and zipped through the park . He could smell lavender in the air . When he turned right at the corner , he saw the grandmas . They were lined up all the way from the corner to the newspaper office ! " I ca n't believe it ! " Sam said to the lady in charge . " I have never seen so many grandmas ! " " I think there are fifty - five , " said the lady . " But the grandmas keep moving . They are hard to count . "
Sam went out to count them . There were ten grandmas with cats that meowed . There were eight grandmas knitting socks . There were seven grandmas with flour on their noses . There were six grandmas wearing garden gloves . There were five grandmas waving lace hankies . There were four grandmas snapping photos . There were three grandmas eating pickles . There were two grandmas with bluey - white hair . And there was one grandma wearing a black leather jacket . This grandma had a llama ! The lady in charge said , " what are you going to do with fifty - five grandmas and a llama ? " " Keep them ! " said Sam . " You can never have too many grandmas ! "
Sam led a line of grandmas and a llama down the street . He thought his grandmas were the most beautiful grandmas in the world ! The little house by the sea spilled over with grandmas . When they sat down to dinner , the grandmas watched Sam . " Sam eats like a bird ! " " Sam needs more fat on his bones ! " " Eat your greens , dear ! " " A pickle a day keeps the doctor away ! " The grandma with the llama just winked and smiled .
When Sam went to bed , the grandmas came up to say good night . One by one , they tucked him in . They tucked and tucked and tucked . Sam tried to wiggle his toes , but they would not budge . The grandma with the llama just winked and smiled .
The next morning , Sam took his fifty - five grandmas and a llama to school for show - and - tell . Everyone said Sam was very lucky ! Before the grandmas left , they gave Sam a hug . They hugged and hugged and hugged . Sam was squished ! The class giggled , and Sam turned red . The grandma with the llama just winked and smiled .
After school , the grandmas stuck with Sam . They stuck like glue . When Sam went for a bike ride , the grandmas were right behind him . When sam put a hole in the knee of his pants , the grandmas chased after him with darning needles . The grandma with the llama just winked and smiled .
When Sam made a little sniffling sound , the grandmas carried him into the house . " Sam has a chill ! " " Sam needs lots of bed rest ! " " Call a doctor ! " In a flash , Sam was tucked into bed . A grandma closed the top button of his green shirt . A grandma pulled a red knitted cap over his ears . And another grandma put thick wool socks on his feet . But Sam did not feel sick . He wanted to play with the other boys and girls . When the grandmas closed the door behind them , Sam slipped out of bed . He went to the window .
Everywhere he looked , he saw a grandma . One grandma was sitting on the llama and smiling up at him . Two grandmas were knitting lace covers for garbage cans . Three grandmas were planting lavender plants . Four grandmas were square dancing on the grass . Five grandmas were snapping pictures of the cats . Six grandmas were singing about peanut - butter cookies . Seven grandmas were napping in the tree house . Eight grandmas were painting pickle pictures . Nine grandmas were playing bingo . Ten grandmas were on the way upstairs to hug him . The grandmas hugged and hugged and hugged ! As soon as they had gone , Sam slipped away . He knew what he had to do .
Sam ran all the way to the newspaper office . He ran so hard that he was puffing ! " I made a big mistake ! " Sam said to the lady in charge . " You can have too many grandmas ! " " Everybody makes mistakes , " said the lady . Sam put his money on the counter . He put the nickels in one pile . He put the dimes in another pile . " What would you like to say this time ? " asked the lady . Sam thought . Then he said , " ' Nice grandmas looking for very nice boys and girls . ' " The lady said , " Good luck . "
One day Sam looked out his window . A long line of boys and girls was marching down the street . They were coming to get a grandma ! The little house by the sea was bursting at the seams . Grandmas and boys and girls were everywhere ! They were hanging out of windows and sitting on the stairs . They were swinging from the apple tree and singing on the roof . Everybody ate pickles and peanut - butter cookies . It was the best part in the whole world !
When it was almost dark , they began to leave . Some grandmas left with girls . Some grandmas left with boys . Some grandmas left with boys and girls . And one grandma left with a white - haired man . It was the man from the newspaper office who wanted a nice lady to go for walks and talks ! The grandmas patted Sam on the head as they went past . " You will always have a special place in our hearts , " they said to Sam . And then they waved good - bye . " It was lots of fun ! " Sam called after them .
Soon the little house by the sea was quiet and still . Sam went outside and sat under the apple tree . He thought to himself , " First I do not have any grandmas , then I have too many . And now I do not have any again . " Sam closed his eyes . He felt sad .
Suddenly he heard a twig snapping . He opened one eye . He opened the other eye . It was the grandma with the llama ! She winked and smiled at Sam . Sam and his grandma went to the corner to get some ice cream . And the llama had chocolate ripple .

The sun rises over the fire station . Fire Truck waits behind the big red doors .
It is very quiet . Upstairs , the crew   is sleeping . Only Fox keeps one eye open . The fire alarm starts ringing . Fox leaps out of bed . BBBRRRRRIIIINNG !
Firefighters rush to put on boots and zip up coats . Fox if first to slide down the pole .
Fire Truck is ready to go ! Hurry , hurry ! Fox grabs his helmet and climbs into the driver 's cab .
Fox flicks switches and pulls levers . Fire Truck 's motor starts to rumble and shake .
The Fire station doors spring open . The Truck 's lights shine brightly . VROOM ! VROOM ! Fire Truck zooms out . There is an emergency !
Fire Truck races through the streets . Sirens wail . Red lights flash .
The Chief speaks to Fox on the radio . NEE - NAW ! NEE - NAW ! There 's a fire blazing in an apartment building ! Fire Truck goes even faster .
Fire Truck screeches to a stop outside the apartment building . There are big flames and smoke everywhere .
NEE - NAW ! Fox quickly unrolls Fire Truck 's hose .
Fox finds a hydrant and connects the hose .
WWOOOSHH ! A jet of water hits the flames . The Chief 's car pulls up . He points to the top floor - someone is stuck inside !
the crew unfolds Fire Truck 's ladder . There 's not a second to lose ! Fox puts on his mask and air tank . The smoke will make it hard to breathe .
Fox climbs to the top of the ladder . It is very hot and there is a lot of smoke . CRACKLE ! CRACKLE ! The police holds everyone back to keep them safe .
A woman waves from the top - floor window . It will be difficult to reach her . Fire Truck needs to move closer .
Fire Truck edges back a little bit . The ladder goes up again . Now Fox can reach ! He carefully breaks the glass and carries the woman out .
The crowd gives a big cheer ! When the last flame has been put out , the firefighters put away their tools and wind up the hose .
The fire crew drives back to the station . It 's been a busy day ! HONK ! HONK ! Fox is very proud of Fire Truck !
Let 's look at Fire Truck : Ladders … Water tank … Pump … Hoses
Warning lights … siren … .Breathing apparatus … toolbox … Storage compartments
Other Emergency Machines : Police car … .Emergency helicopter
.. Ambulance … Police motorbike ...

One morning Ted woke up and sniffed the air . It smelled like smoke . That 's not good , thought Ted . I need a firefighter !
Ted looked everywhere , but he could n't find one . And since Ted could n't find a firefighter
he became a firefighter . But every firefighter needs a firetruck
Firefighter   Ted found a fire truck ! That was lucky , he thought . I need a fire extinguisher , too . Firefighter Ted looked everywhere else .
Since he could n't find a fire extinguisher , he made one . Now , where is that fire ? thought Firefighter Ted .
Firefighter Ted searched the house . The kitchen was filled with smoke . It rose from a plate on the table . " Stand back ! " shouted Firefighter Ted . He put out the toast and helped his mother to safety .
" That was your breakfast , " said his mother . " It still is , " said firefighter Ted , " and now it 's nutritious and safe . " " Go to school " said his mother . " Remember , " said firefighter Ted , " Only you can prevent breakfast fires . "
It was vey hot outside . The sidewalk sizzled and hurt Firefighter Ted 's feet . He saw a kitten on the hot sidewalk . It needed help .
Firefighter Ted rescued the Kitten …  and two puppies …  and three tricycles .
The crowd was speechless .
" No need to thank me , " said firefighter Ted , and he waved to the crowd .
When firefighter Ted arrived at school , the principal was waiting for him in the hallway . " Yo are late , " said principal Bigham . Firefighter Ted frowned . " You are blocking the fire alarm , " he said ...
and he helped the principal to safety . Principal Bigham turned bright red . " Watch out ! " said Firefighter Ted . " You 're overheating ! " Principal Bigham 's face turned redder and redder still . " Stop , drop , and roll ! " said Firefighter Ted , and he helped Principal Bigham to safety again .
Principal Bigham was speechless . He pointed to Mrs. Johnson 's room . " No need to thank me , " said firefighter Ted .
Mrs. Johnson 's students were in line at the door . They were going to see the science fair exhibits in the cafeteria .
" A parade ! " shouted Firefighter Ted . " Firefighters always lead parades ! " Firefighter Ted led the parade down the hall . " Whooooo - whoooooo - whoooooo ! "
All the other classes came out to watch . " Everyone loves a parade , " said Firefighter Ted , and he   waved to the crowd .
Firefighter Ted looked around the cafeteria . There was danger everywhere !
" VOLCANOES ! " yelled Firefighter Ted . He jumped into action .
Firefighter Ted stopped the volcanoes from erupting and helped students to safety .
They were speechless . " No need to thank me , " said Firefighter Ted . Suddenly , Firefighter Ted smelled something burning .
A thin stream of smoke rose from principal Bigham 's pants .
The smoke got thicker and thicker . His pants got hotter and hotter . Principal Bigham ran this way and that . " Help ! " he yelled . " Call a tailor ! Call the janitor ! Call the library !
JUST CALL SOMEBODY ! "
But Firefighter Ted was already there . He helped the principal to safety .
He pulled the fire alarm and started the fire sprinklers .
Just then , the tailor arrived with the janitor and a librarian . " You need pants , " said the tailor . " and a mop , " said the janitor . " Good thing you had Firefighter Ted , " said the librarian .
" My work here is done , " said Firefighter Ted . " You can keep the fire extinguisher . And remember …  only you can prevent pants fires . "
That night Ted put away his fire truck and went to bed knowing he had done a good job . He lay awake for a very long time . There is so much to know about fire safety , he thought . A poster could help everyone understand . Ted did not have a poster . But i could make one , he thought , … . if I had a paintbrush .

Frank is a firefighter . It 's a very busy job ! When he arrives at work , he puts on his special clothes and tests all the equipment .
" It 's time for the fire drill ! " Frank calls to his crew . Everyone has a special job , so when there 's an emergency they can work together quickly .
The alarm bell rings ! " Rrriiinnnggg ! ! ! " " There 's a fire at the school , " calls the watch manager . Frank slides down the pole ...
" GO ! " he shouts .
At the school , there are bright flames and smoke coming from the window ! The children are lined up safely in the playground . The teachers are taking attendance to make sure no one is inside .
Mr. Jones , the principle , points up at the window . " The fire is in the library . Everyone is safe except Gerald the guinea pig . Please save him if you can ! " he says .
Frank and his crew must get up to the library quickly !
The crew put on their masks to protect them from breathing in smoke .
Some of the crew attach the hoses to a fire hydrant while the others go into the school through the main door .
Frank climbs onto the turntable ladder on the back of the fire engine . It lifts him up high .
Frank looks through the window to check that it is safe to enter . Then he carefully climbs inside .
There is lots of smoke in the library . The flames are bright red and very hot !
The rest of the crew rush upstairs to help Frank .
" Point the hose there ! " Frank shouts over the roar of the blaze . The whole crew fight the fire in the library .
The children watch from the playground . Finally , Frank comes to the window and calls down , " The fire is out ... and Gerald is OK ! " " Hooray ! " the children cheer .
An ambulance arrives to make sure that no one is hurt . The paramedics check the children and teachers , but everyone is fine .
The crew make sure the school is safe . They open windows to help the smoke clear . Then they put all their tools away .
Frank is very happy because everyone is did the right thing during the fire and no one was hurt ... not even Gerald the guinea pig !
What else does Frank do ? Teaches people about fire safety . Rescues cats from trees . Checks fire hydrants are working . Helps people in road accidents . Keeps fit and strong .
What does Frank need ? Helmet , walkie - talkie , flashlight , air pack , hose , fireproof clothing , fireproof boots .
Other busy people . Here are some of the other busy people firefighters work with . Paramedics help people at an accident and take them to the hospital if they are hurt . They carry medical kits and are specially trained to help people in an emergency . Police officers sometimes come to a fire to help keep everything in order .
Call handlers answer 911 calls . They decide what kind of help is needed and sometimes stay on the phone until the emergency services arrive . They are trained to stay calm and speak clearly . Watch managers send firefighters out to help people when emergency calls come in .

I see take - out tekka maki , kappa maki packed to go .
Temaki - style hand roll with uni urchin roe .
Miso in my sippy cup ,
tofu in my bowl .
Crab and avocado fill my California roll .
I 'll take yellowtail hamachi
and a red maguro slice .
Big , BIG futomaki
has so many grains of rice !
Ikura , squishy salmon roe like dabby dots of jelly , salty on my lips and yummy in my belly !
Egg tamago and shrimp ebi dipped in soy sauce ( not a lot ) .   Pink pickled ginger cools my tongue , wasabi - hot , hot , HOT !
Tobiko , flying fishy roe flying from Japan .
Someday I 'll eat with chopsticks , but today just with my hands .

Once upon a time there was a dog that was looking for the perfect place to live . Then one day ...
Hmmm , thought Dog . This gives me an idea . I 'll trot across the continents , that 's what I 'll do . And if I 'm lucky , maybe I 'll find the perfect place to live . So he set off to travel the world .
Dog first arrived in Newfoundland . There he found a … Newfoundland ! She takes to water just like me , Dog barked . Who could ask for more ? Just then Dog remembered . Whoa , I 've heard the furry giant can even be a lifeguard . All I can rescue is my dog toy .
So Dog sailed across the atlantic Ocean to London , England . Waddling near Big Ben was a slobbering English bulldog . He 's rough and tough , thought Dog . Did he break that nows in a fight ? I bet he has a sturdy brick home that would be perfect for me but how could I get any sleep with all that snoring !
So Dog traveled to france . There he saw a standard poodle . Puffy and pouffy and spiffy , Dog marveled . But who wants to spend all day at the hairdresser 's ? Dog decided he just could'nt being himself to parade around town without pants . So it was off to somewhere new .
In Croatia he thought at first he was seeing spots …  but it was just Dot - to - dot , a dalmatian , hanging out at the one place dalmatians like best . Dog tried to play tic - tac - paw with her , but how can you have fun with someone whose best friend is a fire truck ?
What was waiting for him in Russia ? The famous borzoi . Wow , what an elegant creature . Dow was in awe . No , the life of the great hunting Russian wolfhound is not for me . The only thing I love to hunt is my dinner bowl !
In China Dog went in search of the strange looking shar - pei . So soft , Dog sighed , but wo wrinkly . Not even an iron could get out those wrinkles . And look at that blue - black tongue . It 's meant to scare off the evil spirits but I 'm afraid of my own shadow !
Next Dog decided to go to Australia , the land down - under , to see a dingo . After chasing him across the hot desert , Dog thought , that lone ranger might be wild but he 's no party animal . Definitely not the place for me . I need fun , friends , excitement . And whew , this outback sun could roast a doggie burger like shrimp on the barbie . G'day , mate ! Let 's see , Dog wondered , where else could I find the perfect place to live ?
Dog went to south Africa and met a Rhodesian Ridgeback . He soon found out that this fido 's favorite thing to do is …  hunt lions ! What ? I like cats , but RUle No 1 is : They have to be smaller than me ! First a cowlick down sits back and now a house next to a lion 's den ? First a cowlick down its back and now a house next to a lion 's den ? Dog shuddered . No thank you .
Next dog went back across the atlantic for a stop in South America . As soon as he met the Peruvian Hairless , he thought , Uikes , bald baby bald ! Put some clothes on , why do n't you ? Dog brushed up against the creature . Why her skin feels like it 's heated . I can see why she 's a pampered poch- she 's a bed - warmer for humans . But I need a room of my own .
Then Dog traveled not to Mexico- ole ! Si , si , the Chihuahua . Muy adorable ! cried Dog . She loves to sunbathe , too . But i 'd get squished inside a purse . Oh   no , I definitely need a house bigger than a lunch box !
At last Dog was worn out from his worldwide travels , and a little sad , too , because he had n't found the perfect place to live .
He returned to his old neighborhood , walked over to his favorite park bench , rolled in the grass , and took a nap .
When Dog awoke , he saw that somebody had left another newspaper on the batch .
FIRST FAMILY LOOKS FOR DOG
" Daddy , Daddy , can we keep him ? "
" YES , WE CAN ! "

Fish had a wish .
" I wish I were a bird ! " said Fish . " I could fly high up in the sky . "
" I wish I were a turtle . I could take a nap on a sunny rock . "
" I wish I were a skunk . I could make a big stink ! "
" If I were a bobcat , I could have spots . "
" If I were a bee , I could buzz from flower to flower . "
" I could be a beaver and build a big dam . "
" I could be a butterfly with pretty wings . "
" I wish I were a snake . HISSSSSSSS . "
A mayfly landed on the water . Fish ate the bug with one bite . " That was so good ! " said Fish .
" It is good to be a fish . I wish to

Five little elves , as Christmas draws near ,
Get set for their busiest day of the year .
Santa 's mailroom is filled with letters in sacks- the elves help to pile the mail into stacks .
Five helpful elves , busy as can be ,
hang stars and lights on Santa 's tree .
Mrs. Claus needs a hand with her Christmas baking- my , what a mess the elves are all making !
Down at the stables , there 's plenty to do- polishing the sled and Rudolph 's nose , too !
Loading the presents for Santa to bring , one little elf has forgotten something !
Five happy elves are having some fun .
Then all of a sudden , a snowball fight has begun !
Every child 's present is made with great care-
A train set , a doll , a huge teddy bear .
The busy elves work late into the night ,
with presents to wrap and labels to write .
The work is all done at the end of the day . With a clatter of hooves , Santa is up and away !
Everything 's quiet , but not for too long , as the elves ' party starts with a dance and a song !

Five little ducks Went out one day Over the hills and far away . Mother duck said , " Quack , quack , quack . "
But only four little ducks cam waddling back .
Four little ducks Went out one day Over the hills and far away . Mother duck said , " Quack , quack , quack . "
But only three little ducks came waddling back .
Three little ducks Went out one day Over the hills and far away . Mother duck said , " Quack , quack , quack . "
But only two little ducks came waddling back .
Two little ducks went out one day Over the hills and far away . Mother duck said , " Quack , quack , quack . "
But only one little duck came waddling back .
One little duck Went out one day Over the hills and far away . Mother duck said , " Quack , quack , quack . "
But no little ducks came waddling back .
Sad mother duck Went out one day Over the hills and far away . Mother duck cried , " Quack , quack , quack . "
And all five little ducks came waddling back !

It was bedtime . So five little monkeys took a bath .
Five little monkeys put on their pajamas .
Five little monkeys brushed their teeth .
Five little monkeys said good night to their mama .
Then . . . five little monkeys jumped on the bed !
One fell off and bumped his head .
The mama called the doctor . The doctor said ,
" No more monkeys jumping on the bed ! "
So four little monkeys . . .
. . . jumped on the bed .
One feel off and bumped his head .
The mama called the doctor . The doctor said ,
" No more monkeys jumping on the bed ! "
So three little monkeys jumped on the bed .
One fell off and umped her head .
The mama called the doctor . The doctor said ,
" No more monkeys jumping on the bed ! "
So two little monkeys jumped on the bed .
One fell off and bumped his head .
The mama called the doctor . The doctor said ,
" No more monkeys jumping on the bed ! "
So one little monkey jumped on the bed .
She fell off and bumped her head .
The mama called the doctor . The doctor said ,
" NO MORE MONKEYS JUMPING ON THE BED ! "
So five little monkeys fell fast asleep .
" Thank goodness ! " said the mama .
" Now I can go to bed ! "

When the five little monkeys are ready for bed , their Mama reads stories , then kisses each head .
" It 's bedtime for monkeys ! Now turn out the light . " " Oh , Mama ! Oh PLEASE ! One more story tonight ! "
But Mama 's too tired . She 's read more than four . " Lights out ! Sweet dream ! " She closes their door .
One monkey whispers " This book looks so good ! If Mama wo n't read it , then maybe we could . "
The monkeys start reading . The story is SAD . One monkey is weeping , she 's feeling so bad !
" That puppy is lost ! "
" It 's snowing "
Then out come the tissues . They ALL start to bawl . They sob and they cry til the last page of all .
" Oh , no ! "
" What happens next ? "
It 's such a good ending , their sobs turn to cheers . Those monkeys are LOUD ! ( You should cover your ears ! )
" Look his dad finds him ! "
Hooray !
Yay !
Yay !
Wow !
Yippee !
Yay !
Yay !
Yay !
Hooray !
Yippity Yay !
Whoopie !
In fact , they 're so noisy that Mama runs is . " What 's all this racket ? This chaos ? This din ? "
One monkey admits with a guilt - ridden look , " We 've been reading the very best , happy , sad book ! "
Yay !
Ooops ...
Mama raises an eyebrow . " What was it I said ? "
Lights out ! Sweet dreams ! No more reading in bed !
Then one monkey sighs as she turns out the light . " I wish we could read this new ghost book tonight . "
" Just look at that goblin and mean - looking ghost ! " " It 's those shadowy bats that I like the most . "
One monkey starts hooting -- an eerie ghost sound . And soon they 're all wailing and jumping around !
Hooo - o - oo - ooooooo - o - o
Wooooo oo oo ooo - o - o
ooooo !
EEEE ! o - o - ooo ! Aiyeee
EEEEE EE E
Then a dark , spooky shadow appears on the wall . But a knock on their door is what frightens them ALL !
Woo - oo OH ! oooooo oo oo ! YIKES !
" It 's the GHOST ! " they all scream . But then ...
KNOCK ! KNOCK ! AIYEEEEE !
... Mama walks in ! " What 's all this racket ? This chaos ? This din ? "
The monkeys all gasp . " We thought YOU were the ghost ! This book is so scary . We like it the most ! " Mama raises an eyebrow . " What was it I said ? "
Lights out ! Sweet dreams ! No more reading in bed !
One monkey shivers . " That book was so creepy , so GOOD but so scary , I 'll never be sleepy "
She pulls out a joke book . " We 've got to be quiet . " But the jokes are so funny ! In fact , they 're a riot !
HA HA ... HEE
The monkeys try hard not to giggle or laugh . But then there 's a joke with a foolish giraffe .
TEE HEE ... HEE ...
" Why do giraffes have long necks ? "
" So they can wear lots of ties ! "
HA HA HA HA HA ! ! HO HO HEE
HEE HEE ! HEE
HA HA HA ! THAT 'S SO SILLY ! HA HAAA ...
HEE HEE
HO HA HA HA HA
HA HA HA HEE HEE OH NO ! HA HA ... HA HA HEE HEE HEE !
HA HA HA HEH HEH !
It 's so silly , so goofy , they all start to roar ! And then can you guess who flings open their door ?
Oh , yes ! It 's Mama ! She comes storming right in . " What 's all this racket ? This chaos ? This din ? "
HEE , HEE
TEE HEE , HEH
GIGGLE GIGGLE
HEH , HEH HAH HAH ! TEE HEE !
HAH , HEE
TEE HEE
GIGGLE
HAH
GIGGLE HEE , HEE , HEE
THIS IS SO FUNNY ! HEE , HEE !
The monkeys keep giggling . They JUST can not quit ! Mama picks up their books . " I 've had it ! That 's it ! " Then she raises an eyebrow . " Did you hear what I said ? "
Lights out ! Sweet dreams ! No more reading in bed !
Well the monkeys are tired . They 're almost asleep when they hear someone giggle , then laugh , and then weep .
" Do you hear all that noise ? And WHO can it BE ? " " Let 's sneak down the hall . " ( Can you guess what they see ? )
" It 's Mama ! "
" Oh , Mama ! " they giggle . " What was it you said ? "
Lights out ! Sweet dreams ! No more reading in bed !
Those monkeys are sleepy ! They head out the door . " Just wait til tomorrow , and then we 'll read more ! "

it is summer . There is no school . Five little monkeys tell their mama , " We 're bored . There is nothing to do ! " " Oh yes there is , " says Mama . " Grandma Bessie is coming for lunch , and the house must be neat and clean . "
" So … you can pick up your room . "
Five little monkeys pick up and pick up and pick up ...
until everything is put away .
" Good job ! " says Mama . " But we 're bored again , " say five little monkeys . " There is nothing to do ! " " Oh yes there is , " says Mama . " You can scrub the bathroom . The house must be neat and clean for Grandma Bessie . "
So five little monkeys scrub and scrub and scrub until the bathroom shines .
" Good job ! " says Mama . " But we 're bored again , " say five little monkeys . " There is nothing to do ! " " Oh yes there is , " says Mama . " You can beat the dirt out of these rugs . The house must be neat and clean for Grandma Bessie . "
Five little monkeys beat and beat and beat the rugs until there is not a speck of dirt left .
" Good job ! " says Mama . " But we 're bored again , " say five little monkeys . " There is nothing to do ! "
" Oh yes there is , " says Mama . " You can pick some berries down by the swamp . Grandma Bessie loves berries for dessert . "
Five little monkeys run down to the muddy , muddy swamp .
They pick and pick and pick berries until Mama calls , " It 's time to come home ! "
Five little monkeys run inside while Mama picks flowers . " Put the berries in the kitchen , " calls Mama . " Wash your faces and put on clean clothes . "
Five little monkeys wash their faces ...
and they put on clean clothes . " Grandma Bessie is here ! " calls Mama .
Five little monkeys race outside .
They hug and kiss Grandma Bessie . " We 've been busy all day ! " they say . " We cleaned the house and picked berries just for you ! " " I love berries , " says Grandma Bessie . " And I love a clean house , too ! " They all go inside .
" Oh my ! " says Grandma Bessie . " Oh dear ! " says Mama . " Oh no ! " say five little monkeys . " Who messed up our nice , clean house ? "
" I ca n't imagine , " says Mama . " But whoever did has plenty to do ! "

Five little sharks swimming in the sea .
One bumped into a giant manatee .
The mother called the doctor and the doctor said , " No more sharks swimming in the sea ! "
Four little sharks splashing by the shore .
One got stuck on the ocean floor .
The mother called the doctor and the doctor said , " No more sharks splashing by the shore ! "
Three little sharks racing past a whale .
One got close and banged his tail .
The mother called the doctor and the doctor said , " No more sharks racing past a whale ! "
Two little sharks playing hide - and - seek .
One got lost and was missing for a week .
The mother called the doctor and the doctor said , " No more sharks playing hide - and - seek ! "
One little shark swimming all alone ...
ate too much fish and began to groan .
The mother called the doctor and the doctor said , " No more sharks swimming all alone ! "
Now there 's …  No little sharks swimming in the sea . No little sharks happy as can be .
The mother called the doctor and the doctor said ,
" Let those sharks swim wild and free ! "

Big , bold fire engines , waiting day and night ,
ready for a rescue or a blazing fire to fight .
As soon as there 's a fire alarm , the engine starts to roar .
dring . dring . dring . dring .
The firefighters jump aboard - it rumbles out the door .
Watch the engine speeding , on its daring dash .
Wee - ooo .
Hear its siren screaming . See its bright lights flash . Wee - ooo . Wee - ooo .
In helmets , fireproof pants and jackets , boots so big and strong ,
the crew are dressed and ready as the engine zooms along .
When the engine finds the fire , it quickly pulls up near .
The crew jumps out , unrolls the hose , and gets out all the gear .
The hose points up its nozzle and shoots a jet of spray . It squirts right at the blazing flames and sizzles them away .
The water tank is empty soon , so where can more be found ? The engine 's pump can pull it up from pipes below the ground .
Whoosh . The fire is hot and roaring . It makes a lot of smoke .
The firefighters put on masks - otherwise they 'd choke .
The ladder rises upward . It reaches for the sky . A fire engine 's ladder stretches up so very high !
Sometimes there 's a platform , right up at the top . It waits beside the window . Then into it you hop .
At last the fire 's extinguished . The flames are all put out .
sizzle . sizzle . sizzle .
Lower the ladder . Roll the hose . " Hurrah ! " the fire crew shouts .
plop ! plop !
Back inside the station , the crew can take a break .
But the fire engine 's ready and it 's waiting wide - awake .
Fire Engine parts
Helmet this is a hard hat that protects the firefighter 's head
Siren this makes a loud noise to tell people to move out of the way and let the fire engine pass
Water tank this is inside the middle of the fire engine and holds water to fight the fire - some fire engines carry foam , too
Fireproof pants and jackets these are made from special material that does not burn easily and protects firefighters from the fire
masks and tanks we can not breathe in smoky air , so firefighters carry clean air in tanks on their backs . The air flows into their masks
pump this sucks water from the tank and pushes it out through huge hoses . The pump can also get water from a hydrant attached to underground pipes
hose connects to pump

Stanley Lambchop lived with his mother , his father , and his little brother Arthur . Stanley was four feet tall , about a foot wide , and half an inch thick . He had been flat ever since a bulletin board fell on him .
Stanley 's family was used to him being flat . They did n't think much about it , except when Mrs. Lambchop needed to clean behind the fridge .
Or when Mr. Lambchop forgot his house key ( which happened quite a bit ) . To the Lambchops , Stanley was perfectly normal .
That 's why Stanley was surprised when Arthur asked , " Can I take you to Show - and - Tell ? " Stanley frowned . " You mean , because I 'm - " " So good at wiggling your ears ! " said Arthur . " Miss Plum really wants to see it . "
" Oh ! " said Stanley . " Sure , if Miss Plum said so . . . " Stanley felt his face turning pink . It always turned pink when Miss Plum 's name came up . Miss Plum was the prettiest teacher in the whole school .
" Thanks , Stanley ! " said Arthur . " No problem , " said Stanley . " That 's what brothers are for . "
Arthur smiled to himself . He knew the real reason Stanley was going to Show - and - Tell , but he did n't say a word .
At school , Arthur 's classmates took turns showing and telling . Sophie showed her mouse , Squeakers . " He just loves cheese ! " she said . Manny held up his grandpa 's false teeth . " My grandpa loves cheese , too . "
Arthur introduced Stanley , who wiggled his ears like crazy . " My goodness ! " said Miss Plum .
" Today I have something for Show - and - Tell , too , " Miss Plum added shyly . She held out her left hand . A big ring sparkled on her finger .
" I 'm getting married ! " said Miss Plum . Stanley felt his heart sink . Miss Plum ? Married ? The other kids jumped up and crowded around to look at Miss Plum 's ring .
" Let me see ! " said Sophie . She bumped into Manny . Squeakers slipped out of her hands .
" Ouch ! " said Manny . " Watch it ! " He dropped his grandpa 's teeth . The false teeth bounced twice , then clamped onto Squeaker 's tail ! " Wheek ! " squeaked Squeakers . He took off running .
" Oh , dear ! " cried Miss Plum . She reached out to grab Squeakers , and her new ring flew off her finger !
To Stanley , the ring seemed to move in slow motion . He watched it sail toward Squeakers - and fall straight down over the mouse 's head , where it landed like a sparkly collar around his neck .
Poor Squeakers squeaked again and ran even faster . He zipped across the classroom , scampered up a bookcase , and vanished through a crack in the ceiling tile .
" My mouse ! " cried Sophie . " My grandpa 's teeth ! " cried Manny . " MY RING ! " cried Miss Plum .
Stanley stood up . " I 'll save you , Miss Plum ! I - I mean , I 'll save your ring . And Squeakers . And the teeth !
Stanley raced to the spot where Squeakers had vanished . " Arthur , " he said . " That crack in the ceiling -   it 's like our window at home . Give me a boost ! "
" On the count of three ! " said Arthur . " One . Two . THREE ! " With a grunt , Arthur pushed Stanley high over his head , just as he had a dozen times before . ( Mr. Lambchop really did forget his keys a lot . ) Stanley slid through the crack ! I see Squeakers ! " Stanley yelled . " Come here , boy ! Come on ! "
Below , the students heard crashing and thrashing as Stanley chased the mouse over their heads . Go , Stanley , go ! " yelled Manny . " It 's - no - use , " Stanley said , panting . " He 's - too - fast ! "
Then Arthur thought of something . " Sophie , where 's Squeakers 's cheese ? " " Right here ! " she said . Arthur grabbed a slice and flung it through the crack . " Stanley , try this ! "
The crashing stopped . The thrashing stopped . Then the class saw Stanley 's arm poke through the ceiling crack . Squeakers sat in his hand , happily nibbling the cheese . Stanley 's other arm poked out . The false teeth and the ring dangled from his fingers .
Last of all came Stanley himself , stretching out of the crack like a boy - sized strip of taffy .
" Oh , Stanley ! " said Miss Plum , once he was safely on the ground . " You 're my hero ! " She gave Stanley a big hug . Stanley felt his face turn pink . Bright pink .
" What 's wrong with Stanley ? " asked Sophie . Arthur grinned . " His face always turned pink when - " Then Arthur stopped . He looked at Stanley . " When he 's been wiggling his ears , " he said .
" Thanks , Arthur , " whispered Stanley . " No problem , " said Arthur . " That 's what brothers are for ! "

" Wheeeeee ! " said Flip . " Look at me ! I can stand on one leg . " " Me too ! " spluttered Flop . " I can do it too ! "
But he could n't , and toppled slowly over into the snow .
Flip was five . Flop was two . Whatever Flip did , Flop did too .
" I 'm making a snow penguin , " said Flip . " Me too ! " said Flop .
" I 'm in my secret hideout , " said Flip . " Met too , " said Flop . In fact , whatever Flip did , Flop did too .
Flip and Flop played a made - up game called boomba . They jumped into the snow , bouncing on their bottoms . " Boomba ! " shouted Flip . " Boomba ! " shouted Flop . Flop loved playing boomba with Flip . He could play it    forever . . .
but sometimes Flip wanted to play other games .
One day Flip was on the play slope , playing slip - slide with his friend Hip . Flop waddled over . " Let 's play boomba ! " said Flop excitedly .
Flip loved Flop . Flop loved Flip . But sometimes Flip thought his little brother was a pest .
" No ! " said Flip . " I want to play slip - slide with Hip , not boomba with you . No way ! "
Flop felt sad . He shuffled away .
Flop waddled and shuffled , shuffled and waddled , up and down , around and around in and out . . .
until he had wandered far , far away from Flip .
Flop found a new play slope and started to play boomba alone . " Boomba ! " shouted Flop , and fell down . He started to cry . " Boomba is no fun on my own , " sniffled Flop . " It is boring and cold . "
At the top of the slope , someone was watching him .
A little bear came sliding down .
" My name is Hop . Who are you ? " said the little bear . " I 'm Flop , " said Flop , grinning . " Do you want to play boomba with me ? " " Yes , " said Hop with a big smile .
Together they jumped into the snow , bouncing on their bottoms . " Boomba ! " shouted Flop and Hop as loudly as they could . They were having a really good time .
" My brother did n't want to play with me today , " said Flop . " Mine did n't either , " said Hop . " I 'm happy I played with you , " said Flop . " Me too , " said Hop .
Soon it was time to go home . The two friends skipped back to the play slope .
At the play slope Flip and Hip were bored with playing slip - slide . They looked gloomy .
" Flip , this is my friend Hop , " said Flop proudly . " And he 's my baby brother ! " said Hip . " Let 's all play together , " said Flip . " And make up a new game , " added Flop .
Flip , Flop , Hip , and Hop invented a new game called slip - slide - boomba . They whizzed , slipped , slid , jumped , and all together , shouted :
" Boomba ! "

" Mommy ! Crispin spilled my paints again ! " shrieked Flora . " I told you to keep your paints out of his reach , said her mother . " I tried , " said Flora , " but-- " " Oh , look at this mess . Outside , Flora . Right now ! "
" I ca n't go outside , " protested Flora . " The wind is very strong and will blow me away . " " Nonsense , " said her mother . Flora thought for a moment . " Of course , I could wear my super - special heavy - duty red boots . They 'll keep me from being blown away . " " Fine , " said her mother . " And take Crispin with you . "
Now , Crispin did not have super - special heavy duty red boots to protect him from the wind . His boots were purple and could n't do anything but keep his feet dry .
Oh , well , Flora thought . It would n't be her fault if Crispin blew away . So Flora put on her coat and hat and her super - special heavy - duty red boots .
And her mother put Crispin into his little coat and hat and regular old purple boots .
And when all that was done , Flora 's mother opened the door and Flora and Crispin stepped outside .
The wind was indeed very strong that day . It pushed and pulled , and twirled and twisted . But no matter how hard it blew , Flora stayed firmly on the ground . " Ha ha ! You dumb wind , " said Flora . " You ca n't lift me up , because I 'm wearing my super - special heavy - duty red boots ! "
The wind did not like being laughed at . It doubled its strength and blasted mightily at Flora , but still she did n't budge . " However , " said Flora , " you may notice that my little brother is wearing regular old purple boots . "
Now the wind tripled its strength . It swirled and swooped , and whizzed and walloped , and then - oh , my!- Crispin was being lifted off the ground . Just a little bit at first , but the wind grew stronger and Crispin went higher , and then higher , and then higher still .
He was being blown away . He looked very frightened .
And suddenly Flora was kicking off her super - special heavy - duty red boots and spreading her coat to the wind and - oh , my , oh , my!-she was sailing up toward Crispin .
She grabbed his hand and closed her eyes and wished she were anywhere else in the world .
But soon Flora realized that being blown by the wind was comfortable , like riding along on a squishy flying chair . She decided to open her eyes .
Just then they came upon a dragonfly . " Will you give me that little boy ? " asked the dragonfly . " He could polish my wings . "
Silly dragonfly , " scolded Flora . She knew that Crispin was too clumsy to clean such delicate wings . " He 's my brother and I 'm taking him home . " " If the wind lets you , " said the dragonfly .
Flora and Crispin flew on and on until they cam upon a sparrow . " Will you give me that little boy ? asked the sparrow . " He could sit on my eggs . "
" What a mess that would be , " said Flora . As if Crispin could sit on eggs without breaking them . " He 's my brother and I ' , taking him home . " " If the wind lets you , " said the sparrow .
Flora and Crispin flew on and on until they came upon a rainbow . " Will you give me that little boy ? asked the rainbow . " He could guard my pot of gold . "
" Gold ! " That was tempting . But , thought Flora , Crispin 's not fierce enough to guard anything . " No . He 's my brother and I 'm taking him home . " " If the wind lets you , " said the rainbow .
Flora and Crispin flew on and on until they came upon a cloud . " Will you give me that little boy ? asked the cloud . " He could squeeze out my raindrops . "
Flora thought that squeezing out raindrops sounded like fun . But Crispin would surely catch a cold , and then who would help him with his nose ? " No , I wo n't give him to you . He 's my brother and I 'm taking him home . " " If the wind lets you , " said the cloud .
Flora and Crispin flew on and on until they came upon an eagle . " Will you give me that little boy ? " asked the eagle . " He could sharpen my talons . "
" You ca n't fool me , " Flora said . She saw the hungry look in the eagle 's eye . " He 's my brother and I 'm taking him home . " " If the wind lets you , " said the eagle .
Flora and Crispin flew on and on until they came upon the man in the moon . " Will you give me that little boy ? asked the man in the moon . " It 's lonely up here , and he could keep me company . " The man in the moon had a kind face , and he did look awfully lonely . But there were no chocolate chip cookie on the moon , and Crispin was so fond of chocolate chip cookies . " I 'm sorry , but I ca n't , " said Flora . " He 's my brother and I 'm taking him home . "
" If the wind lets you , " said the man in the moon . Flora stomped her foot- or would have if there 'd been anything to stomp on . " I 'm tired of hearing that . Why wo n't the wind let us go home ? " " You should ask him , " answered the man in the moon .
Flora had n't thought of that . " Oh , wind , will you let us go home ? " " I 'll let you go home as soon as we find the right spot for Crispin , " replied the wind . " You do want to get rid of him , right ? " " Yes . I mean , I did . I mean- " Flora was n't sure what she meant . " Because I could even use him myself , " said the wind . " You know , to work my bellows . "
" No , thank you . " Flora had finally decided . " I should take him home . My mother would n't like it if I lost him . " " If that 's what you really want , " said the wind . " Yes , please , " said Flora .
So the wind turned Flora and Crispin around and blew them home .
Flora put her super - special heavy - duty red boots back on , then straightened Crispin 's hat and brushed a shred of rainbow from his coat .
She rang the doorbell and her mother opened the door . " I decided to bring Crispin back , " Flora told her . " From where ? " asked her mother . " From the moon , " said Flora . " Nonsense , " said her mother . " Now come back inside . I 've made chocolate chip cookies . "

A boy had a pet fly . He named him Fly Guy . Fly Guy could say the boy 's name - Buzz !
One day , Buzz and Fly Guy were bored . Fly Guy said , funzzie ?
" Yeah , " said Buzz . " Let 's do something fun . "
Buzz and Fly Guy went for a walk .
They played chase .
They cooled off in the fountain .
A girl was running . A fly was chasing her .
" Do n't worry , " said Buzz . " Flies are n't pests . They are pets . "
" I know , " said the girl . " This is my pet . Her name is Fly Girl . "
Buzz said , " This is Fly Guy . He can do tricks . "
" Fly Girl can do tricks , too ! " said the girl .
" Fly Guy eats gross stuff , " said Buzz .
" Fly Girl eats grosser stuff ! " said the girl .
" Fly Guy can say my name , " said Buzz .
" Fly Girl can say my name , too ! " said the girl .
" Do you want to play on the swings ? " said Buzz . " Sure , " said Liz .
Fly Guy and Fly Girl sat side by side .
Fly Guy said , " Wuzzle wuzzle . " That is fly talk for " You are nice . "
Fly Girl said , " Wuzzle wuzzie . " That is fly talk for " You are nice , too . "
Fly Guy and Fly Girl talked and talked .
Then Fly Guy said , " Buzzz ? "
And Fly Girl said , " Lizzz ? "
Fly Guy and Fly Girl both said , " Wuzzle wuzzzup ! " That is fly talk for " Let 's be friends . "
" See you soon , " said Buzz and Liz .
Funzzie ! " Yeah , " said Buzz . " That was fun ! "

What is a Farm ?   A farm is a place where food is grown .
Farmers sell the food for people to eat .
Plants for Food .   Farmers grow plants for us to eat .   peanuts
Sweet corn grows on a farm .
Potatoes grow on a farm .   potatoes
Fruit grows on a farm . bananas
Animals for Food .   Farmers keep animals that give us food .
Beef and milk come from cows .
Bacon and ham come from pigs .
Meat and eggs come from chickens .   Eggs
Getting Food from Farms .   Farmers pick food when it is ready to eat .
The food is packed to keep it safe .
Some food from farms is made into other food .   hot apple cider
Wheat can be made into bread .   bread wheat
Oranges can be made into juice .
Milk can be made into cheese .
Trucks take the food to stores .
We buy food at the store .
Can You Remember ?   What is bread made from ?
Answer on page 24
pack to put something into boxes . We pack food so that it is easier to move it from place to place .
store place where we can buy things . Some stores sell food for us to eat .
Answer to question on page 22 : Bread is made from wheat . First wheat is ground into flour . Then flour is used to make bread .

It was a cold winter 's day .
Wolf sat by the fire in his cozy little house ,
reading all the books he had about wolves .
All the wolves in the stories that he read were nasty , scary , and greedy
" I think it 's time somebody wrote a story about a NICE wolf , " he said . So he sat down at his writing table and picked up a pen . And this is how the story went ...
One winter 's morning , it snowed and
snowed and snowed and snowed . When it finally stopped snowing , Mr. Nice Wolf stepped out of his house to go for a walk .
In the silk - smooth bed of snow , he spotted some footprints leading into the forest . " Hmmm , I wonder whose those could be ? " he thought .
He decided to follow the footprints to find out who they belonged to so that he could make a new friend .
After a little while , he saw a squirrel in a tree . " Excuse me , sir . Are these footprints yours ? " he asked him politely . " No , " answered the squirrel . " Why do you ask ? " " I want to find out so that I can make a new friend , " explained Mr. Nice Wolf .
" I do n't believe you , " said the squirrel . " You just want to find out so that you can EAT the poor thing ! " And with that he scampered off .
Next , Mr. Nice Wolf came across a bunny rabbit poking her nose out of her burrow . " Excuse me , madam . Are these footprints yours ? " he asked her cheerfully . " I want to find out so that I can make a new friend . "
" I do n't believe you , " said the rabbit . " You 're just hungry and you want to find some BREAKFAST ! " And with that she hopped back down into her burrow .
Mr. Nice Wolf ( who was n't feeling too nice at all by this point ) tried to ignore what she said and carried on . He soon came to a big lake in the middle of the forest . CROAK , CROAK ! " Oh , could these footprints be yours ? " Mr. Wolf asked the frog .
" No , " said the frog . " And there 's no way I would tell you whose they are , even if I knew ! " Then he dived into the lake and swam off .
Right over on the other side of the lake , Mr. Wolf saw a big brown duck .
" Hello there ! " he shouted .
" These must be YOUR footprints ! " he said . " Yes , " answered the duck , swimming over . " Oh good ! I 've been looking for you , " said Mr. Wolf . " I was hopping we could be - "
But as he spoke Mr. Wolf took a good long look at the duck and forgot all about what he was saying . For the duck looked so fat , juicy , …  and mouthwateringly TASTY ...
SPLAAAASH !
Wolf was startled to find himself back in his own house !
" Pheeew ! I almost let my story end with Mr. Nice Wolf being just as bad as all the other wolves ! " Wolf got out of the bath and dry himself off when suddenly there was a knock at the door .
" Knock knock ! Knock knock ! " " I 'm coming , I 'm coming ! " Wolf called . He opened the door ...
and in the silk - smooth bed of snow , he spotted
some footprints ! " Hmmm . I wonder whose those could be ? "

Look up high !   There is an owl on the go .
Look down low !   There is a rabbit on the go .
Look up high !   There is a squirrel on the go .
Look down low !   There is a deer on the go .
Look up high !   There is a bird on the go .
Look down low !   There is a bear on the go .
Look up high and look down low !   There are animals on the go .

Fortunately one day , Ned got a letter that said , " Please Come to a Surprise Party . "
But unfortunately the party was in Florida and he was in New York .
Fortunately a friend loaned him an airplane .
Unfortunately the motor exploded .
Fortunately there was a parachute in the airplane .
Unfortunately there was a hole in the parachute .
Fortunately there was a haystack on the ground .
Unfortunately there was a pitchfork in the haystack .
Fortunately he missed the pitchfork .
Unfortunately he missed the haystack .
Fortunately he landed in water .
Unfortunately there were sharks in the water .
Fortunately he could swim .
Unfortunately there were tigers on the land .
Fortunately he could run .
Unfortunately he ran into a deep dark cave .
Fortunately he could dig .
Unfortunately he dug himself into a fancy ballroom .
Fortunately there was a surprise party going on . And fortunately the party was for him , because fortunately it was his birthday !

A year has four seasons -- spring , summer , fall , and winter . March twenty - first is the first day of spring . Wind blows and birds sing . Daffodils and crocuses pop up through melting snow to bloom in the dark , wet earth . Leaves sprout on the trees . It 's time to plow the field .
Spring showers come . The pear tree we planted by the porch is covered with white blossoms . A robin sings as it hunts for worms in the ground . It 's time to plant corn and squash seeds in the field . I plant one sunflower seed by the back door .
Breezes blow blossoms from the pear tree into the sky . Birds sing as they build nests . Every day the air gets warmer . The earth gets warmer too .
June twenty - first is the first day of summer . Green sprouts spring up from the field . My sunflower seed sprouts green leaves too . Soon all the trees are covered with leaves . Roses bloom . Bees buzz and butterflies flutter among the flowers . The pear tree 's empty blossoms turn to tiny green pears .
The flowerbed in the front yard bursts into bloom -- zinnias , sweet peas , lilies , cosmos , and black - eyed Susans . The field have stalks of corn , along with vines of green pumpkins and squash . On hot summer days I swim in the pond down the road .
Summer is when we pick the first ears of corn from the field . We sell corn , squash , and bouquets of summer flowers at our roadside stand . But I wo n't sell my big yellow - and - brown sunflower , which has grown so much taller than I am !
September twenty - first is the first day of fall . Our pumpkins turn from green to orange , and I ride to school on a big yellow bus . My sunflower droops its huge blossom , heavy with seeds .
Leaves on the trees turn red and gold . Now I sleep under a blanket and wear a warm jacket to school . The bees and butterflies are gone . Many birds fly away , too .
We pick the big orange pumpkins that grow in the field . People drive out from the city to buy them at our roadside stand . Cold wind makes bright - colored leaves dance through the air .
Corn stalks standing in the field turn dry and brown . Pumpkin and squash vines shrivel up . It 's time for the field to rest . Pears hanging from the pear tree are big and golden . I bite into one that 's ripe , sweet and juicy .
Now the sky is gray and cold . All the trees but the evergreens have bare branches . Squirrels rush frantically here and there , hiding acorns and nuts to eat when winter comes . Most of the birds have flown away .
On December twenty - first the first day of winter comes . That very night , snow starts to fall . We sit by the fire Papa built . We watch flames leap and glow and listen to logs crackle . Outside the snowflakes fall thicker and faster . They 're still twirling white in the black night when it 's time to go to bed .
In the morning the radio announcer says , " No school today ! " The roads are slippery , too covered with snow for the big yellow bus to travel safely . A bright red cardinal hops onto a snowbank . Its mate comes to join it . I think they 're waiting for me -- for I know just what they want . Those birds love sunflower seeds !
The big dried - up sunflower I planted and grew and saved is lying in a basket in the mudroom . I put on my snowsuit , scarf , and mittens and boots and go outside in our cold white yard . Deep snow comes to my knees as I toss sunflower seeds to the hungry cardinals . Chickadees come to eat them , too .
Under the blanket of snow , everything that grows in the earth is having a long winter rest . But I 'm not ! I 'm building a bright white snowman . As I build , birds peck . Soon all the sunflower seeds are gone . When spring comes again , I 'd better plant two sunflower seeds by our back door !

Fox , Socks , Box , Knox
Fox in box . Fox in Socks .
Knox on fox in socks in box .
socks on Knox and Knox in box . Fox in socks on box on Knox .
Chicks with bricks come . Chicks with blocks come . Chicks with bricks and blocks and clocks come .
Look , sir . Look , sir . Mr. Knox , sir . Let 's do tricks with chicks and clocks , sir .
First , i 'll make a quick trick brick stack . Then i 'll make a quick trick block stack .
You can make a quick trick chick stack . You can make a quick trick clock stack
And here 's a new trick , Mr. Knox .... Socks on chicks and chicks on fox . Fox on clocks on bricks and blocks . Bricks and clocks on Knox on box .
Now we come to ticks and tocks , sir . Try to say this , Mr. Knox , sir .... Clocks on fox tick . Clocks on Knox tick . Six sick bricks tick . Six sick chicks tock .
Please , sir . I do n't like this trick , sir . My tongue is n't quick of slick , sir . I get all those ticks and clocks , sir , mixed up with the chicks and tocks , sir . I ca n't do it , Mr. Fox , sir .
I 'm so sorry , Mr. Knox , sir .
Here 's an easy game to play . Here 's an easy thing to say ....
New socks . Two socks . Whose socks ? Sue 's socks .
Who sews whose socks ? Sue sews Sue 's socks . Who sees who sew whose new socks , sir ? You see Sue sew Sue 's new socks , sir . That 's not easy , Mr. Fox , sir .
Who comes ? .... Crow comes . Slow Joe Crow comes .
Who sews crow 's clothes ? Sue sews crow 's clothes . Slow Hoe Crow sews whose clothes ? Sue 's clothes .
Sue sews socks of fox in socks now .
Slow Joe Crow sews Knox in box now .
Sue sews rose on Slow Joe Crow 's clothes . Fox sews hose on Slow Joe Crow 's nose . Hose goes . Rose grows . Nose hose goes some . Crow 's rose grows some .
Mr. Fox ! I hate this gam , sir . This game makes my tongue quite lame , sir .
Mr. Knox , sir , what a shame , sir .
We 'll find something new to do now . Here is lots of new blue goo now . New goo . Blue goo . Gooey . Gooey . Blue goo . New goo . Gluey . Gluey .
Gooey goo for chewy chewing ! That 's what that Goo - Goose is doing . Do you choose to chew goo , too , sir ? If , sir , you , sir , choose to chew , sir , whit the Goo - goose , chew , sir . Do , sir .
Mr. Fox , sir , I wo n't do it . I ca n't say it . I wo n't chew it .
Very well , sir . Step this way . We 'll find another game to play .
Bim comes . Ben comes . Bim bring Ben broom . Ben Brings Bim broom .
Ben bends Bim 's brook . Bum bends Ben 's broom . Bim 's bends . Ben 's bends . Ben 's bent broom breaks . Bim 's bent broom breaks .
Ben 's band . Bim 's band . Big bands . Pig bands .
Bim and Ben lead bands with brooms . Ben 's band bangs and Bim 's band booms .
Pig band ! Boom band ! Big band ! Broom band ! My poor mouth ca n't say that . No , sir . My poor mouth is much too slow , sir .
Well then ... bring your moth this way . I 'll find it something it can say .
Luke Luck likes lakes . Luke 's duck likes lakes . Luke Luck licks lakes . luke 's duck licks lakes .
Duck takes licks in lakes Luke Luck likes . Luke Lick takes licks in lakes duck likes .
I ca n't blab such blibber blubber ! My tongue is n't made of rubber .
Mr. Knox . Now come now . Come now . You do n't have to be so dumb now ....
Try to say this , Mr. Knox , please .... Through three cheese trees three free fleas flew . While these fleas flew , freezy breeze blew . Freezy breeze made these three trees freeze . Freezy trees made these trees ' cheese freeze . That 's what made these three free fleas sneeze .
Stop it ! Stop it ! That 's enough , sir . I ca n't say such silly stuff , sir . Very well , then , Mr. Knox , sir . Let 's have a little talk about tweetle beetles ....
What do you know about tweetle beetles ? Well .... When tweetle beetles fight , it 's called a tweetle beetle battle .
And when they battle in a puddle , it 's a tweetle beetle puddle battle . AND when tweetle beetles battle with battle with paddles in a puddle , they call it a tweetle beetle puddle paddle battle . AND ....
When beetles battle beetles in a puddle paddle battle and the beetle battle puddle is a puddle in a bottle ...
... they call this a tweetle beetle bottle puddle paddle battle muddle . AND ...
When beetles fight these battles in a bottle with their paddles and the bottle 's on a poodle and the poodle 's eating noodles ...
.... they call this a muddle puddle tweetle poodle beetle noodle bottle paddle battle . AND ...
Now wait a minute , Mr Socks Fox !
When a fox is in the bottle where the tweetle beetles battle with their paddles in a puddle on a noodle - eating poodle , THIS is what they call ...
... a tweetle beetle noodle poodle bottled paddled muddled duddled fuddled wuddled fox in socks , sir !
Fox in socks , our game is done , sir . Thank you for a lot of fun , sir .

Fox sat in his room . He was bored . " I know , " he said . " I need a friend . "
Fox picked up his net and went to see his mom . " I 'm going to catch a friend , " he declared . " You ca n't catch friends , " Mom explained . " You have to make friends . " So Fox put down his net and set off to make a friend .
" What can I make a friend out of ? " he thought . He picked up some sticks , an apple , and some nuts and fixed them all together . At last he had a brand new friend standing in front of him .
" Are you my friend ? " Fox asked , but the friend said nothing . " Can you come and play ? " he said , but the friend did n't move . " Maybe he 's too small , " Fox thought . " I need to make a bigger friend ! "
Just then a rabbit ran by . " Excuse me , " said Fox . " I 'm trying to make a friend but this one is too small . Can you help me make a bigger one ? " " Okay , " said Rabbit .
They worked together and picked up a turnip , some tomatoes , and some twigs . They stuck them all together and had a bigger friend standing before them . " Will you be our friend ? " they asked , but there was no answer .
" Can you come and play ? " they said , but the friend just stood there . " Maybe he 's still too small , " said Rabbit .
A moment later Fox and Rabbit heard giggling in the treetops . It was a squirrel . " What a mess you two are making ! " he laughed . " Well , if you can do better , come down and help us ! " said Fox . " Okay , " said Squirrel .
This time all three of them set to work . They picked a huge pumpkin , a turnip , some branches , and some apples . They put them all together and had the biggest friend they could make . " Are you our friend ? " they asked . " Please can you come and play ? " But there was no reply .
Finally they all gave up . " Oh , well . " said Fox . " I suppose i will never be able to make a friend . "
Just then Fox 's mother came by . " Hello , " she said . " Who are all your new friends ? " " Oh , " said Fox . " My plan did n't work . We made friends but they wo n't play with us . " " Not them ! " giggled his mother . " These friends ! " she said , pointing to Squirrel and Rabbit .
Fox looked over at Squirrel and Rabbit and suddenly realized that he had been making friends all long !
So Fox , Squirrel , and Rabbit played for the rest of the day , and they stayed friends forever .

A train runs across this track .
Red caboose at the back   Orange tank car next
Yellow hopper car
Green cattle car   Blue gondola car
Purple box car
a Black tender and
a Black steam engine
Freight train .
Moving .
Going through tunnels
Going by cities
Crossing trestles .
Moving in darkness .
Moving in daylight . Going , going ...
gone .

Spring : Frog ran up the path to Toad’s house . He knocked on the front door . There was no answer . “Toad , Toad,” shouted Frog , “wake up . It is spring!” “Blah,” said a voice from inside the house . “Toad!Toad ! cried Frog .
“The sun is shining ! The snow is melting . Wake up!” “I am not here,” said the voice .
“Don’t be silly,” said Frog . “What you see is the clear warm light of April . And it means that we can begin a whole new year together , Toad . Think of it,” said the Frog . “ We will skip through the meadows and run through the woods and swim in the river . In the evenings we will sit right here on this porch and count the stars.”
“You have been asleep since November,” said Frog . “Well then,” said Toad , “ a little more sleep will not hurt me . Come back again and wake me up at half past May. Good night , Frog.”
Then Frog ran back to Toad’s bed . “Toad , Toad , wake up . It is May now.” “What/” said toad . “Can it be May so soon?” “Yes,” said Frog . “Look at your calendar.” Toad looked at the calendar . The may page was on top .
Toad Made Frog a cup of hot tea . Frog drank the tea , and then he said , " Tell me a story whiled I am resting . "
Then Toad went into the house and stood on his head . " Why are you standing on your head ? " asked frog . " I hope that if I stand on my head , it will help me to think of a story , " said toad .
Toad stood on his head for a long time but could not think of a story to tell Frog .
Then Toad poured a glass of water over his head . " Why are you pouring water over your head ? " asked Frog . " I hope that if I pour water over my head it will help me to think of a story , " Toad poured many glasses of water over his head . But he could not think of a story to tell Frog .
Then Toad began to bang his head against the wall . " Why are you banging your head against the wall ? " asked Frog . " I hope that if I bang my head against the wally hard enough , it will help me to think of a story , " said Toad .
" I am feeling much better now , Toad , " said Frog . " I do not think I need a story anymore . " " then you get out of bed and let me get into it , " said Toad,"because now I feel terrible . " Frog said , " would you like me to tell you a story , Toad ? " " Yes , " said Toad , " if you know one . "
" Once upon a time , " said Frog , there were two good friends , a frog and a toad . The frog was not feeling well . He asked his friend the toad to tell him a story . The toad could not think of a story . He stood on his head , but he could not think of a story . He poured water over his head , but he could not think of a story .
He banged his head against the wall , but he still could not think of a story . Then the toad did not feel so well and the frog was feeling better . So the toad went to bed and the frog got up and told him a story . The end . How was that , Toad ? " said Frog . But Toad did not answer . He had fallen asleep .
A Lost Button : Toad and Frog went for a long walk . They walked across a large meadow . They walked in the woods . They walked along the river . At last they went back home to Toad 's house . " Oh , drat , " said Toad .
" Not only do my fee hurt , but I have lost one of the buttons on my jacket . "
" Do n't worry , " said Frog . " We will go back to all the places where we walked . We will soon find you button . " THey walked back to the large meadow . They began to look for the button in the tall grass .
" Here is your button ! " cried Frog . " THat is not my button , " said Toad . " That button is black .. My button is white . " Toad put the black button in his pocket .
A sparrow flew down . " Excuse me , " said the sparrow . " Did you lose a button > I found one . " " that is not my button , " said Toad . " That button has two holes in his pocket .
They went back to the woods and looked on the dark paths . " Here is your button , " said frog . " that is not my button , " cried Toad . " That button is small . My button was big . " Toad put the small button in his pocket .
A raccoon came out from behind a tree . " I heard that you were looking for a button , " he said . " Here is one that I just found . ""That is not my button ! " wailed Toad . " That button is square . My button was round . " Toad put the square button in his pocket .
Frog and Toad went back to the river . They looked for the button in the mud . " Here is your button said Frog . " That is not my button ! " shouted Toad . " That button is thin . My button was thick . "
Toad put the thin button in his pocket . He was very angry . He jumped up and down and screamed , " The whole world is covered with buttons , and not one of them is mine ! "
Toad ran home and slammed the door . There , on the floor he saw his white , four0holed , big , round , thick button . " Oh , " said Toad . " t was here all the time . What a lot of ruble I have made for Frog . "
Toad took all of the buttons out of his pocket . He took his sewing box down from the shelf . Toad sewed the buttons all over his jacket .
The next day Toad gave his jacket to Frog . Frog thought it was beautiful . He put it on and jumped for joy . None of the buttons fell off . Toad had sewed them on very well .
A Swim : Toad and Frog went down to the river . " What a day for a swim , " said Frog . " Yes , " said Toad . " I will go behind these rocks and put on my bathing suit . " " I do n't wear a bathing suit , " said Frog . " Well , I do , " said Toad .
" After I put on my bathing suit , you must not look at me until I get into the water . "
" Why not ? " asked Frog . " Because I look funny in my bathing suit . That is why , " said Toad . Frog closed his eyes when Toad came out from behind the rocks . Toad was wearing his bathing suit . " Do n't peek , " he said .
Frog and Toad jumped into the water . They swam all afternoon . Frog swam fast and made big splashes . Toad swam slowly and made smaller splashes .
A turtle came along the riverbank . " Frog , tell that turtle to go away , " said Toad . " I do not want him to see me in my bathing suit when I come out of the river . " Frog swam over to the turtle .
" Turtle , " said Frog , " you will have to go away . " " Why should I ? " asked the turtle . " Because Toad thinks that he looks funny in his bathing suit , and he does not want you to see him , " said Frog .
Some lizards were sitting nearby . " Does Toad really look funny in his bathing suit ? " they asked . A snake crawled out of the grass . " If Toad looks funny in his bathing suit , " said the snake , " then I , for one , want to see him . "
" We want to see him too , " said two dragonflies . " Me too , " said a field mouse . " I have not seen anything funny in a long time . "
Frog swam back to Toad . " I am sorry , Toad , " he said . " Everyone wants to see how you will look . " " Then I will stay right here until they go away , " said Toad . The turtle and the lizards and the snake and the dragonflies and the field mouse all sat on the riverbank . They waited for Toad to come out of the water . " Please , " cried Frog , " please go away ! " But no one went away .
Toad was getting colder and colder . He was beginning to shiver and sneeze . " I will have to come out of the water , " said Toad . " I am catching a cold . "
Toad climbed out of the river . The water dripped out of his bathing suit and down onto his feet .
The turtle laughed . The lizards laughed . The snake laughed . The field mouse laughed , and Frog laughed .
" What are you laughing at , Frog ? " said Toad . " I am laughing at you , Toad , " said Frog , " because you
The Letter : Toad was sitting on his front porch . Frog came along and said , " What is the matter , Toad ? You are looking sad . "
" Yes , " said Toad . " This is my sad time of day . It is the time when I wait for the mail to come . It always makes me very unhappy . " " Why is that ? " asked Frog . " Because I never get any mail , " said Toad .
" Not ever ? " asked Frog . " No , never , " said Toad . " No one has ever sent me a letter . Every day my mailbox is empty . That is why waiting for the mail is a sad time for me . " Frog and Toad sat on the porch , feeling sad together .
Then Frog said , " I have to go home now , Toad . There is something that I must do . " Frog hurried home . He found a pencil and a piece of paper . He wrote on the paper .
He put the paper in an envelope . On the envelope he wrote " A LETTER FOR TOAD . " Frog ran out of his house . He saw a snail that he knew . " Snail , " said Frog , " please take this letter to Toad 's house and put it in his mailbox . " " Sure , " said the snail . " Right away . "
Then Frog ran back to Toad 's house . Toad was in bed , taking a nap . " Toad , " said Frog , " I think you should get up and wait for the mail some more . " " No , " said Toad , " I am tired of waiting for the mail . "
Frog looked out of the window at Toad 's mailbox . The snail was not there yet . " Toad , " said Frog , " you never know when someone might send you a letter . " " No , no , " said Toad . " I do not think anyone will ever sent me a letter . "
Frog looked out of the window . The snail was not there yet . " But , Toad , " said Frog , " someone may send you a letter today . " " Do n't be silly , " said Toad . " No one has ever sent me a letter before , and no one will send me a letter today . "
Frog looked out of the window . The snail was still not there . " Frog , why do you keep looking out of the window ? " asked Toad . " Because now I am waiting for the mail , " said Frog . " But there will not be any , " said Toad .
" Oh , yes there will , " said Frog , " because I have sent you a letter . " " You have ? " said Toad . " What did you write in the letter ? " Frog said , " I wrote ' Dear Toad , I am glad that you are my best friend . Your best friend , Frog . ' "
" Oh , " said Toad , " that makes a very good letter . " Then Frog and Toad wen out onto the front porch to wait for the mail . They sat there , feeling happy together .
Frog and Toad waited a long time . Four days later the snail got to Toad 's house and gave him the letter from Frog . Toad was very pleased to have it .

A List . One morning toad sat in bed . " I have many things to do , " he said . " I will write them all down on a list so that I can remember them . " Toad wrote on a piece of paper : A List of things to do today Then he wrote : Wake up
" I have done that , " said Toad , and he crossed out : Wake up
Then Toad wrote other things on the paper . A List of things to do today Wake up eat Breakfast Get Dressed Go to Frog 's House Take walk with Frog Eat lunch Take nap Play games with Frog Eat Supper Go to Sleep
" There , " said Toad . " Now my day is all written down . " He got out of bed and had something to eat . Then Toad crossed out : Eat Breakfast
Toad took his clothes out of the closet and put them on . Then he crossed out : Get Dressed Toad put the list in his pocket .
He opened the door and walked out into the morning . Soon Toad was at Frog 's front door . He took the lit from his pocket and crossed out : Go to Frog 's House .
Toad knocked at the door . " Hello , " said Frog . " Look at my list of things to do , " said Toad . " Oh , " said Frog , " that is very nice . " Toad said,"My list tells me that we will go for a walk . " " All right , " said Frog . " I am ready . "
Frog and Toad went on a long walk . Then Toad took the list from his pocked again . He crossed out : Take walk with Frog . Just then there was a strong wind . It blew the list out of Toad 's hand . The list blew high up into the air .
" Help!"cried Toad . " My list is blowing away . What will I do without my list ? "
" Hurry ! " said Frog . " We will run and catch it . " " No ! " shouted Toad . " I can not do that . " " Why not ? " asked Frog . " Because , " wailed Toad , " running after my list is not one of the things that I wrote on my list of things to do ! "
Frog ran after the list . He ran over hills and swamps , but the list blew on and on . At last Frog came back to Toad . " I am sorry , " gasped Frog , " but I could not catch your list . " " Blah , " said Toad .
" I can not remember any of the things that were on my list of things to do . I will just have to sit here and do nothing , " said Toad . Toad sat and did nothing . Frog sat with him . After a long time Frog said , " Toad , it is getting dark . We should be going to sleep now . "
" Go to sleep ! " shouted Toad . " That was the last thing on my list ! " Toad wrote on the ground with a stick : Go to sleep The he crossed out : Go to sleep . " There , " said Toad . " Now my day is all crossed out ! " " I am glad , " said Frog . Then Frog and Toad went right to sleep .
The Garden . Frog was in his garden . Toad came walking by . " What a fine garden you have , Frog , " he said . " Yes , " said Frog . " It is very nice , but it was hard work . " " I wish I had a garden , " said Toad . " Here are some flower seeds . Plant them in the ground , " said Frog , " and soon you will have a garden . "
" How soon ? " asked Toad . " Quite soon , " said Frog .
Toad ran home . He planted the flower seeds . " Now seeds , " said Toad , " start growing . " Toad walked up and down a few times . The seeds did not start to grow .
Toad put his head close to the ground and said loudly , " Now seeds , start growing ! " Toad looked at the ground again . The seeds did not start to grow .
Toad put his head very close to the ground and shouted , " NOW SEEDS , START GROWING ! " Frog came running up the path . " What is all this noise ? " he asked . " My seeds will not grow , " said Toad . " You are shouting too much , " said Frog . " These poor seeds are afraid to grow . " " My seeds are afraid to grow ? " asked Toad .
" Of course , " said Frog . " Leave them alone for a few days . Let the sun shine on them , let the rain fall on them . Soon your seeds will start to grow . "
That night Toad looked out of his window . " Drat ! " said Toad . " My seeds have not started to grow . They must be afraid of the dark . " Toad went out to his garden with some candles . " I will read the seeds a story , " said Toad . " They they will not be afraid . "
Toad read a long story to his seeds .
All the next day toad sang songs to his seeds . And all the next day Toad read poems to his seeds . And all the next day Toad played music for his seeds .
Toad looked at the ground . The seeds still did not start to grow . " What shall I do ? " cried Toad . " These must be the most frightened seeds in the whole world ! " Then Toad felt very tired , and he fell asleep .
" Toad , Toad , wake up , " said Frog . " Look at your garden ! " Toad looked at his garden ! " Toad looked his garden . Little green plants were coming up out of the ground .
" At last , " shouted Toad , " my seeds have stopped being afraid to grow ! " " And now you will have a nice garden too , " said Frog .
" Yes , " said Toad , " But you were right , Frog . It was very hard work . "
Cookies . Toad baked some cookies . " These cookies smell ver good , " said Toad . He ate one . " And they taste even better , " he said . Toad ran to Frog 's house . " Frog , Frog , " cried Toad , " taste these cookies that I have made . "
Frog ate one of the cookies . " These are the best cookies I have ever eaten ! " said Frog .
Frog and Toad ate many cookies , one after another . " You know , Toad , " said Frog , with mouth full , " I think we should stop eating . We will soon be sick . "
" You are right , " said Toad . " Let us eat one last cookie , and then we will stop , " Frog and toad ate one last cookie . There were many cookies left in the bowl . " Frog , " said Toad , " Let us eat one very last cookie , and then we will stop . " Frog and Toad ate one very last cookie .
" We must stop eating ! " cried Toad as he ate another . " Yes , " said Frog , reaching for a cookie , " we need will power . " " What is will power ? " asked Toad .
" Will power is trying hard not to do something that you really want to do , " said Frog . " You mean like trying not to eat all these cookies ? " asked Toad . " Right , " said Frog .
Frog put the cookies in a box . " There , " he said . " Now we will not eat any more cookies . " " But we can open the box , " said Toad . " That is true , " said Frog .
Frog tied some string around the box . " There , " he said . " Now we will not eat any more cookies . " " But we can cut the string and open the box , " said Toad . " This is true , " said Frog .
Frog got a ladder . He put the box up on a high shelf . " There , " said Frog . " Now we will not eat any more cookies . "
" But we can climb the ladder and take the box down from the shelf and cut the string and open the box , " said Toad . " That is true , " said Frog . Frog climbed the ladder and took the box down from the shelf . He cut the string and opened the box .

It was Froggy 's mother 's birthday .   Froggy was outside making mud pies .
FRROOGGYY ! called his father .   " Wha - a - a - at ? "   " Help me bake a cake for your mother ! "
" Oh , pleeeaassse , " cried Froggy .   " I want to do it all by myself ! "   So Froggy flopped into the kitchen- flop flop flop .   " You 'll need flour , " said his father .   " And sugar and chocolate .
" I know ! " cried Froggy .   And he pushed his chair against the counter and climbed up .
He took down the flour .   He took down the sugar .   He took down all the chocolate candy his mother had hidden since Halloween .
" We need lots of flour and sugar ! " said Froggy .   And he dumped a large bag of flour and a whole box of sugar into a big yellow bowl .   " We need lots and lots of chocolate ! " said Froggy .   And he dumped in ten handfuls of chocolate - covered flies .
" We need milk , too , " said Froggy 's father .   " I know ! " cried Froggy .   And he flopped to the fridge - flop flop flop - and grabbed a carton of milk .   " Oops ! "   It dropped on his foot and spilled .
" And eggs and butter , " added his father .   " I know ! " cried Froggy .   He snatched a carton of eggs .   " Oops ! " he only broke four or five .   And just one stick of butter fell on the floor .
" Do n't forget the baking powder , " said his father .   " I know ! " cried Froggy .   And he climbed up and took down the baking powder .
Then he cracked seven eggs into the bowl - crack crack crack crack crack crack crack - and only a few shells fell in .   And he put in the butter- blup- and poured in the milk- glib glub glub .   And finally , he dumped in the WHOLE BOX of baking powder- shloop !
" Time to mix it all together , " said his father .   " I know ! " cried Froggy .   And he stirred it and slopped it and mixed it and plopped it .   Then he dumped all the goopy cake batter into a cake pan ...
and shoved the cake into the oven .   And he sang : " Oogelly boogelly burbly bake .   I make and I bake and I wait for the cake ! "
FRROOGGYY ! called his father .   " Wha - a - a - at ? "   " While you wait for the cake to bake , help me blow up the balloons . "
Froggy helped blow up the balloons .   He blew …  and he blew …  and he blew and he blew - pop !
" Now , " said his father , " help me set the table . "   Froggy helped set the table .   " Oops ! "   He knocked over the lemonade and the paper party tablecloth got all wet .
FRROOGGYY ! called his mother .   " Wha - a - a - at ? "   " What smells so good ? "
" It 's a surprise ! " yelled Froggy .   And he flopped back to the kitchen - flop flop flop .
" Come - and - get - it ! " hollered Froggy .   Froggy 's mother and father flopped in - and slid across the buttery floor .   And Froggy said , " Are you ready ? " and opened the oven door .
" Yikes !   The cake exploded ! " yelped Froggy 's father .   " Oops ! " cried Froggy , looking more red in the face than green .   " Too much baking powder , I guess . "
" It 's good , though , " said his father , licking his fingers .
" Wait ! " cried Froggy .   " I 'll be right back!"-flop flop flop .
" Happy birthday , Mom ! " he said .   And he handed her a fresh mud pie with a candle in it .   " I made it all by myself ! "
" Oh , Froggy , " said his mother .   " This is the best - uh - birthday pie I ever had . "
" What a mess , " said Froggy 's father .   " Let 's go out to celebrate ! "   " Great ! " said Froggy .   " Yes ! " said Froggy 's mother .
And together they leap - frogged all the way to the bakery - flop flop flop .

Froggy woke up and looked out the window . The sun was rising in the sky like a giant pizza .
" Pizza ! " sand Froggy . And that gave Froggy a great idea !
He hopped out of bed and got dressed -- zip ! zoop ! zap ! zut ! zut ! zut ! zat !
Then he flopped into the kitchen -- flop , flop , flop -- and said , " Mom ! I 'm going to build a tree house ! You can do lots of cool things in a tree house without any adults around ! Like play cards , tell jokes , and order out for pizza ! "
" That 's nice dear . " Said Mom
" Are you going to build it by yourself ? "
" No , with a little help from my friends ! "
Froggy hopped up and flopped toward Max's -- flop flop flop .
FRROOGGYY ! Called his mom . " Wha - a - a - at ? "
" You forgot to eat your breakfast , dear ! "
" I 'm not hungry ! "
When he got to Max 's house , he yelled .
" Max ! Max ! Come out ! "
And he told Max all about his great idea .
" Awesome ! " cried Max .
And the two best friends went over to Matthew 's ... and Travis 's ... and came back to Froggy 's house with hammers , nails , saws , and boards .
Then they started building the tree house ( with a little help from Dad } .
First , they saw boards-- zee - zaw ! zee - zaw !
Then they nailed them to the trunk so they could climb up -- zing ! zang ! zunk !
THen they built a floor .
FWWOOGGYY !
Called Pollywoglina
" Wha - a - a - at ! "
" Me wanna help ! "
" Go away ! " cried Froggy . " No pesky little sisters allowed ! "
Froggy started to saw a branch -- zee - zaw !
FRROOGGYY ! Called Froglina , hopping over the fence .
" Wha - a - a - a - t ! "
" You 're sawing yourself off with the branch ! Hee hee hee ! "
" Oops , I know that ! " cried Froggy . " NOW GO AWAY ! NO GIRLS ALLOWED ! JUST ME AND MY FRIENDS ! "
Froggy and his friends started putting up boards for the walls . " Oops ! " Cried Froggy -- but only a few boards fell .
Then he started pounding nails again-- zing ! zang!-- ZZOWWWEEEE !
" I 'll kiss is ! " Cried Froglina . " Yuck ! " cried Froggy , " Go away ! "
He climbed down and held up his thumb to his mom .
Mom put a Band - aid on Froggy 's thumb . Now do yo want something to eat ? "
" Not until we finish our tree house , " said Froggy . " Then we 'll call for pizza ! "
But by the time they finished the tree house -- the sun was setting ! Froggy dropped his hammer -- zonk!-- " Oops ! Watch out belooooow " and yelled " we 're staaaarrrvvving ! We want to call for pizza NOW ! "
Froggy 's mom climbed up , called Swamp Pizza , and let Froggy order . " We want an EXTRA large pizza -- with lots of flies ! "
" Not on my slice ! " said Max
" Not on my slice ! " said Matthew
" Not on my slice ! " said Travis
" Whatever ! " said Froggy .
When the pizza finally came ... Froggy grabbed the box and started climbing up . He climbed and the pizza wobbled ...
He climbed and the pizza tipped ... NOOOOOOOOOO
And just as he reached the top -- the pizza dropped ! Down .. down ... down ...
" Oops ! " cried Froggy , looking more red in the face than green .
" Caught it ! " Cried Froglina .
" Wow ! " cried Froggy , " Lucky catch ! "
" I have a surprise for you , Froggy ! " said Froglina . " If you let me into your tree house . "
" well ... " said Froggy . " only if I like the surprise ! "
So Froglina scampered up like a monkey , opened the box , and said , " Surprise ! " And sprinkled on lots and lots of flies !
" Yes ! " Cried Froggy . " Yippee ! " and he took a big bite . " Yum ! This pizza 's froglicious ! Let 's call out for another one ! Wait ! Let 's make that five pizzas ! "
And Froggy and his friends ate pizza -- munch crunch munch ...
played cards -- slip slap slap
and told jokes ...
In Froggy 's tree house ... all night long .

It was almost dinner time and Froggy was hungry . He sat in the kitchen and dreamed about burgers and flies .
Then he hopped up and looked for something to eat . He looked in the cabinet- slam ! He looked in the fridge- slam ! He looked in the oven - bang ! " Mom , " yelled Froggy . " There 's nothing good to eat ! "
FRROGGYY ! called his mother . "Wha - a - a - at ? " " Did you forget ? It 's our anniversary - we're going out to eat ! " " Hurray " sang Froggy . " Let 's go ! " " First you have to get dressed up , dear- We 're going to a fancy restaurant . " So Froggy flopped to his bedroom- flop flop flop .
He slipped off his shirt , unzipped his pants , took off his shoes , pulled off his socks , and even changed his underwear- with a zap ! of elastic .
Then he tugged on his best pants- zip ! buttoned up his best shirt- zut ! zut ! zut ! put on his best socks- zoop ! pulled on his best shoes - zup ! and tied them up- zwit ! zwit ! Then he put on his best bow tie- znap ! and flopped out of show his mom and dad- flop flop flop .
" You look very handsome , dear , " said his mother . " But you forgot to wash ! " " Oops ! " said Froggy .
So he went to the bathroom and washed his hands and face- splash splash splash ! He used lots and lots of water , but only a little bit of soap .
Then he dried off with a towel- zwoop!- and looked at himself in the mirror . He thought he was kind of cute .
FRROOGGYY ! called his father . " Wha - a - a - at ? " " Time to go ! " said his dad . " We 'll be late ! " And off they flopped to the restaurant- flop flop flop .
At the restaurant Froggy 's eyes grew big and round . There were glowing candles , flowers in vases , and tablecloths as white as snow .
" This is a fancy restaurant , " said Froggy . " Yes , " said his mother . " So remember : Be neat , be quiet , and do n't put your feet on the table . "
When they were seated , Froggy said , " I 'm hungry ! Let 's eat ! " " First we have to order , dear , " said his mother . " I want a hamburger ! " said Froggy . " No hamburgers here , " said his father .
When the waiter handed him a menu , Froggy opened it- and knocked over a glass of water- crash !    " Oops ! " cried Froggy . " Oh , Froggy , " said his mother . " Remember what I told you ? "
" I know ! " said Froggy . " Be neat , be quiet , and do n't put your feet on the table ! "
But it was hard to be neat and quiet . He fidgeted . He shook salt on his hand and licked it . He banged his spoon on the table- bang bang bang . Then he hit hard on the top to the spoon ... and flipped it right into the waiter 's head- bonk !
After the waiter finally came and took their orders , they waited and waited and waited . Froggy pulled petals off the flowers . He blew on the candle . He sucked on sugar cubes and ice cubes .
Then he hopped up and flopped around the restaurant- flop flop flop- singing , " Be neat , be quiet , and do n't put your feet on the table ! "
FRROOGGYY ! called his father . " Wha - a - a - at ? " " Please sit down ! Now ! "
Froggy sat down . Finally , dinner was served . Froggy stuck his fork into a huge plate of spaghetti , and sucks some up- ssllluuuurrrrpppp ! It was fun , so he slurped up some more- slurp - slurp- sssllluuuurrrrpppp !
And that 's when he saw Frogilina . She was sitting with her parents . " Hi , Froggy ! " said Frogilina . " Who 's that pretty girl frog ? " asked his mother .
Froggy was so embarrassed , he ducked beneath the tablecloth , and pulled ... and pulled ... and pulled ...
till his spaghetti and fly sauce landed smack on his head- splat !
" Oops ! " cried Froggy , looking more red in the face than green . " Happy anniversary ! " he croaked .
" What a mess ! " cried his father . " Oh , Froggy , " said his mother . Froggy scooped spaghetti off his face and said , " I know- let 's eat out at a fast flies place ! " " Good idea ! " said his mother .
" Let 's go ! " said his father . And together they leapfrogged all the way there- flop flop flop ...
where they all ate burgers and flies- munch crunch munch .

It was night . Froggy woke up and looked out the window . " The moon ! The moon ! " sang Froggy . " It looks like the tail of a happy doggy ! " ( Froggy knew what he wanted more than anything in the world- a dog ! )
Frrooggyy ! called his mother next morning . " Wha - a - a - a - t ? " " Time to get up , dear ! We 're going to the animal shelter ! "
" Yippee ! " Froggy hopped out of bed and got dressed- zip ! zoop ! zup ! zut ! zut ! zut ! zat ! ...
then flopped to the kitchen- flop flop flop . " I think we 'll get a bunny , " said Mom . " I do n't want a bunny ! " cried Froggy . " I want a doggy ! "
" But you ca n't have a dog , dear . Dogs are too messy . " " I 'll clean up after it ! " said Froggy . And he ate his bowl of cereal and flies- munch crunch munch- ( and left quite a mess ) .
Pollywogilina started smacking the table with her spoon , singing , " Dog - g - y - y ! Dog - g - y - y ! " and Froggy joined in- " Dog - g - y - y ! Dog - g - y - y ! " " Quiet ! " said Mom . " Or no pet at all ! "
At the animal shelter , Froggy went bananas . FRROOGGYY ! called his mom . " Wha - a - a - a - t ? " " Stay here ! Stay near ! And do n't stick your hand in a cage ! "
Froggy flopped back- flop flop flop . " Look at the bunny ! " said Mom . " Is n't she cute ! " " Dog - g - y - y ! Dog - g - y - y ! " sang Polly . And Froggy joined in- " Dog - g - y - y ! Dog - g - y - y ! " " Quiet ! " said Mom . " Or no pet at all ! "
" Now what about this darling baby gator ? " said Mom . " No ! " said Froggy and Polly . " Or these mice ? Mice are nice ! "
But Froggy ran off to see the dogs- flop flop flop- and was about to stick his hand in a cage . FRROOGGYY ! called Mom . " Wha - a - a - t ? " " Stay here ! Stay near ! AND DON'T STICK YOUR HAND IN A CAGE ! "
But when Mom got to Froggy ... the cutest little doggy in the world had stuck her nose out of the cage and was licking Froggy 's hand- slurp slurup sluuuuurp ! " Please , Mom ! " said Froggy . " Just look at her eyes ! " Mom looked--
and the little doggy looked back . And her sweet chocolate brown eyes melted Mom 's heart . " I think I 'll name her Doggy ! " said Froggy . " Dog - g - y - y ! Dog - g - y - y ! " sang Polly .
When Froggy got home , he could n't wait to play with Doggy . " First , " said Mom , " you have to put on her new collar and fill her water bowl and show Doggy her bed . " " I know ! " said Froggy .
Froggy put on Doggy 's collar- znap ! And filled her water bowl- glug glug glug ! And fluffed up her bed- ploof !
" Now , " said Froggy , " I 'm going out to play with Doggy ! "
" First , " said Mom , " you have to put on her leash and take her for a walk and teach her to come and sit and wait ! " " I   know ! " said Froggy .
" And , " said Mom , " do n't forget to take your pooper scooper with you , and clean up after her ! "
So Froggy put on Doggy 's leash- znap ! And took her for a walk- sniff sniff sniff ! And when they got back , he tried to teach her to sit up and beg ... roll over ... and shake hands .
Then along came Frogilina . " Hi , Froggy ! What a cute little doggy ! " " And she 's smart ! " said Froggy . " Watch her fetch the stick ! Fetch ! " said Froggy .
But Doggy knocked over the badminton net ... and the birdbath ... and sprinted into the house .
DOGGGYYY ! called Froggy . Arf ! said Doggy . " Wait ! Come ! FETCH THE STICK ! "
But when Doggy raced back out ... she had Mom 's UNDERWEAR instead !
" Oops ! " cried Froggy , looking more red in the face than green . " Sit ? " Frogilina laughed and said , " Good Doggy ! "
That night , Froggy put Doggy in her bed . But Doggy ...
wanted to sleep with Froggy . And she snored!- snuffle- snuffle- wheeeeeezzze- all night long .
But just before the sun rose ... Doggy licked Froggy 's face- sluuuuuuuurp!- and scratched at the door- scritch scritch scritch ! ( She had to go out- bad ! )
Mom held out a toy shovel , and said , " Do n't forget your pooper scooper , Froggy ! "
" POOPER SCOOPER ! " squealed Polly , and everybody laughed- even Doggy . Arf ! Arf !

It was summer . Froggy woke up and jumped on his bed--
He was so excited , he bumped his head on the ceiling--
FRROOGGYY ! called his father . " Wha - a - a - a - t ? " " Up - and - at-'em ! Today 's the day you go to Camp Run - A - Muck ! "
Froggy hopped out of bed , got dressed--
and flopped into the kitchen--
" Have you got everything ? " asked his mother . " Of course ! " said Froggy .
" Let 's go ! " said Dad .
And off they went .
" Oh , no ! " cried Froggy , an hour later . " I forgot my sleeping bag ! " " Oh , Froggy ! " groaned Dad , and turned the car around .
Two hours later , " Oh , no ! " cried Froggy . " I forgot my bathing suit ! " " Oh , Froggy ! " groaned Dad , and turned the car around .
By the time they got to Camp Run - A - Muck , it was sunset . " I do n't know anybody here ! " cried Froggy . " I wanna go
" Come meet your bunkmates , dear , " Mom said .
" Welcome to Camp Run - A - Muck ! " said Jordan , his counselor , and led them to Froggy 's cabin . It was named " Wildcats , " but his bunkmates were the two Toad twins and an otter named Yasha . Yasha was nice -- he let Froggy have the top bunk .
" Look ! " said Mom . " There 's your principal , Mr. Mugwort ! He 's the camp director ! " " Great , " said Froggy . " Not ! " By the time his parents waved good - bye , the moon was rising over Lake Winnemucca .
At sunrise , a bugle blasted--
" Welcome , campers ! " announced Mr. Mugwort . " Now , listen up ! Today 's your swim test . Tomorrow , swimmers will race to the raft on the lake -- at the crack of dawn ! "
But now it was time for breakfast . Froggy had K.P. duty -- Kitchen Patrol : washing dishes , preparing veggies and flies , and serving . When he served Mr. Mugwort , two fried eggs slid off …  right on Mr. Mugwort 's head--
Froggy passed the swim test -- of course . Later , he had archery . He pulled the bow … aimed … let go--
On Tuesday , the bugle blasted--
On Wednesday , they went on a big hike around Lake Winnemuca . It got so hot that Froggy said , " Let 's jump in the lake with al our clothes again . " Jordan , the counselor , did a swan dive …  Yasha did a jackknife …  and Froggy did a cannonball
On Thursday , in the dining hall , the Toad twins yelled , " Food fight ! Food fight ! " and everybody joined in . Froggy threw a banana , but Yasha ducked …  and it smeared across Mr. Mugwort 's shirt--
On Friday , Mr. Mugwort asked , " Who knows how to paddle a kayak ? " ( He was also the kayak instructor . ) " I do ! I do ! " cried Froggy . " Are you
Mr. Mugwort glared at him …  then laughed and hollered , " Water fight ! Water fight ! " He handed out squirt guns …  and they had the wildest water fight in Camp Run - A - Muck history--
And that last night , they stargazed …  told scary stories around a bonfire …  and sang camp songs like ,
When Froggy 's family came in the morning , Mom said , " How was camp , Froggy ? " " great ! I hit Mr. Mugwort with an arrow ! Smooshed him with a banana ! And capsized out kayak ! " " Hmmmm , that 's nice , dear . "
And Froggy sang ,

FRROOGGYY ! called his father . " Wha - a - a - a - t ? " " Up and at 'em ! Today is the day we 're going on vacation ! "
" Yippee ! " cried Froggy . And he sand : " We 're going on vacation ! We 're going to Hawa - a - i - i - i ! We 're going on vacation ! We 're going to Hawa - a - a - i - i - i ! "
" It 's time to pack ! " yelled his dad . So Froggy hopped out of bed and packed his toy plane - " Zoom ! " His toy boat - " Vroom ! " And his ukulele - PLINK !
FRROOGGYY ! called his mother . "Wha - a - a - a - t ? " " Do n't forget your bathing suit , dear ! "
" I know ! " cried Froggy . And he grabbed his backpack and flopped out to the taxi - flop flop flop . TAXI
" Are you going to Hawaii in your pajamas ? " Frogilina laughed . " Ooops ! " cried Froggy . And he flopped back to his room to get dressed - flop flop flop .
When Froggy came back , Frogilina waved good - bye and off to the airport they went - Beep ! Beep ! Beep ! TAXI
At the airport , they had to wait in a long line . Froggy did n't like waiting in line . So he leapfrogged over his mom . He leapfrogged over his dad . He leapfrogged over Pollywogilina .
and feel flat on his face - oof ! Hee hee hee ! giggled Polly , and Dad said , " Froggy , when you get to Hawaii , do n't act like a nincompoop ! "
When they finally got on the airplane , they flew and flew and flew . But Froggy could n't sit still . So he flopped up to the front - flop flop flop - and sang to the pilot , " We 're going on vacation ! We 're going to Hawa - a - a - i - i - i . . . "
FRROOGGYY ! called his mom . " Wha - a - a - a - t ? " " Please sit down ! Now ! " And his dad warned , " When you get to Hawaii -- " " I know ! " cried Froggy .
But when they got to Hawaii . . . Froggy went bananas !
He raced through a giant bamboo forest , and had a ninja fight with a coconut tree -- " Hi - yah ! " -- whack ! whack ! whack ! -- Bonk ! A coconut hit him on the head and knocked him down .
He got so hot in the jungle , he had to dive into a nice cool stream . . . and almost went over a waterfall . " HEELLLLLPP ! " ( Mom snatched him just in time . )
Next day , they climbed a volcano . " Look ! " yelled Froggy . " Lava ! " He was so excited . . . he almost fell in . " Oops ! " cried Froggy , hanging onto Dad 's neck like a monkey .
Next day , he did a hula dance in a grass skirt - hula hula huuuuula -- and even the mynah birds laughed -- kak ! kak ! kak !
And the day after that , he surfed riding his dad 's shoulders , with his hands over Dad 's eyes . WIPEOOOOUT !
On their last day in Hawaii , they sailed out on the Four Winds . Froggy borrowed his dad 's binoculars to look for sea turtles , whales , and dolphins . ( He got a little seasick -- blaaaahhh ! -- so he looked even greener than usual . )
When they dropped anchor at a coral reef , Froggy had to be the first one in ! He ripped open his backpack and took out his toy plane -- " Zoom ! " His toy boat --- " Vroom ! " And his toy ukulele -- PLINK ! " Oh , no ! " cried Froggy . " I forgot my bathing suit ! "
" Oh , Froggy . " Mom sighed . So Froggy had to go snorkeling . . . in his dolphin underwear ! He pulled on his flippers - zup ! Put on his mask and snorkel -- zook ! zik ! And pushed past everybody -- flop flop . . . splash !
He glubbed and blubbed and almost sank . . . then popped up -- holding his dad 's binoculars . " Oops ! " spluttered Froggy , looking more red in the face than green .
" Oh Froggy , " said his dad . " What did I tell you ? When you get to Hawaii -- "
" Look , Dad ! Giant sea turtles ! Froggy tossed Dad his binos . . . and took off after them .
FRROOGGYY ! called his dad . " Wha - a - a - t ? " " WAIT FOR ME ! " And he jumped in after him -- flop flop . . . splash !
By the time the boat picked them up . . .
Dad was too pooped to pop . " When we get back home , " he groaned , " I need a vacation ! " " Me , too ! " cried Froggy . " Next time , let 's go for two weeks ! "

Froggy woke up . Hurray ! he thought . No school today -- it 's my check - up day ! I can get up late !
But wait ! Wait ! What is the doctor wants to give me a shot ?
FRROOGGYY ! called his mother . " Wha - a - a - a - t ? " " It 's time to get up , dear ! " " I do n't want to get up ! " said Froggy . " It 's time for your check - up , " said his mother . " Now ! "
Froggy crawled out of bed and flopped into the kitchen -- flop flop flop .
" it 's time to see Dr. Mugwort , " said his mother . Dr. Mugwort was the wife of Froggy 's principal , Mr. Mugwort . " I do n't want to see Dr. Mugwort , " groaned Froggy .
" I feel fine -- see ? " Froggy hopped onto the table and tried to make a muscle . " It 's just a check - up , " said Froggy 's mother . " Now go get dressed -- and do n't forget to brush and put on clean underwear ! "
So Froggy flopped back to his room to get dressed -- flop flop flop .
At the doctor 's office , they had to sit a long time in the waiting room .
Froggy was worried . What if I need a shot ? The in came Frogilina with her mother .
" Hi , Froggy ! " said Frogilina . She bounced down right beside him . Froggy scooted away . Frogilina scooted closer .
Froggy scooted away …  and fell off the bench -- bonk !
FRROOGGYY ! said his mother . " Wha - a - a - a - a - t ? " " Sit up , dear . And please sit still . "
But it was hard to sit still . He made a paper airplane and threw it in the air -- zwish!--just as Dr. Mugwort stepped into the room . It circled once …  it circled twice
then hit her smack in the eye -- zow ! " Oops ! " said Froggy . " Follow me , " said Dr. Mugwort . She was not a happy doctor .
She told Froggy to step on the scale …  measured how tall he was …  then led him and his mother into a room and said,"take off all your clothes , Froggy -- except for your underwear -- and put on this paper gown . " The doctor closed the door behind her .
Froggy took off his shoes , pulled off his socks , unbuttoned his shirt , unzipped his pants , and looked down .
" Oops ! " cried Froggy . " Mom ! I forgot my underwear . " Froggy 's mother laughed .
Then she cut holes in a paper pillowcase and made a pair of underpants held together with safety pins . " But Mom , " whined Froggy , " They looks like diapers ! " He quickly pulled on his paper gown -- zeep !
Dr. Mugwort came back in . She took his temperature …  felt his tummy-- " Oh that tickles ! " giggled Froggy .. and looked in the eyes with a light-- " Please do n't cross your eyes , Froggy ! " ( She did n't look in his ears -- Froggy did n't have any ears . ) Then she looks in his mouth and said , " Say ahhhhh . "
AHHHHHHH ! " Ohhhhh ! " said Dr. Mugwort , and almost fell to the flora . " Your breath smells like dead flies ! " " Oops ! " said Froggy . " I guess I forgot to brush . "
She stood up and rubbed her stethoscope . " Now this may feel cold , " she said , and pressed it against his back . " Yikes ! " yelled Froggy . He grabbed the stethoscope and shouted into it , IT"S FREEZING ! Again , Dr. Mugwort almost fell on the floor .
Then she said , " Now Froggy , let 's check your reflexes . " She tapped his knew with a little rubber hammer . Nothing . She tapped it a little harder -- bonk!--and up flew his foot right into her chin -- clack !
This time Dr. Mugwort did fall on the floor . " Oops ! " cried Froggy , looking more red in the face than green .
Dr. Mugwort stood up and glared at him . " Time for your shot , Froggy , " she said .
" Just kidding ! " Then she gave him a gold star and a lollipop and said , " You 're a very healthy frog ! " and smiled . " See , Mom , " said Froggy . " I told you I was fine ! "
" Not too soon ! " said Dr. Mugwort , waving good - bye .

It was Saturday , Foggy 's favorite day !
He jumped out of bed -- BOING !
FRROOGGYY ! Called his mother . " Wha - a - at ? " " What do you want to do today ? " Froggy flopped ideas around his head -- flop , flop , flop .
I could go swimming -- splash . Or catch flies -- zap ! zap ! zap !
I can practice soccer -- bonk ! Or , I could play with my toys .
FRROOGGYY ! called his mother . " Wha - a - at ? " " What did you decide to do ? " " My favorite thing of all . "
" Please read me a story ! "

Froggy could n't sleep . He looked out the window . The full moon was rising . It looked like a soccer ball . " Tomorrow 's the big game ! " he said out loud . If we beat the Wild Things we win the City Cup ! "
In the morning , Froggy was bursting to go . He pulled on this underwear - zip!Tugged on his soccer shorts - zeep ! Snapped on his shin guards - znap !
Wiggled on his soccer shirt - zlim ! Puled on his soccer socks - zoop ! And put on his cleats - zup ! zup !
FRROOGGYY ! called his father . Froggy 's father was the assistant coach .
" Wha - a - a - a - a - t ? " " Let 's go ! We 'll be late for the game ! " Froggy flopped outside - flop flop flop .
" Remember , " said Froggy 's dad , " only the goalie can catch the ball - and you 're not the goalie !
" Now repeat after me : Head it ! Boot it ! Knee it ! Shoot it ! BUT DON'T USE YOUR HANDS ! "
Froggy sang : " Head it ! Boot it ! Knee it ! Shoot it ! BUT DON'T USE YOUR HANDS ! ... " all the way to the soccer field .
At the soccer field , the coach , Max 's mother , said ,
" We 're a team . We 're the Dream Team ! " " Hurray ! " screamed the Dream Team .
Soon , the game was on ! Froggy was doing cartwheels . Froggy was picking daisies .
Froggy was picking his nose . The ball bounced off his chest . He gave a mighty kick - and missed the ball .
But Max trapped it and passed it to B.J. who slammed it right into the net - goal !
It was one to zero - Dream Team !
Again , the two teams faced off . The whistle blew . The Dream Team charged down the field toward the Wild Things . Froggy was tying his shoe .
Froggy 's dad was yelling , " Defense ! Defense ! " The ball hit Froggy in the head - bonk ! - and knocked him down . He was great at defense .
At halftime , the Dream Team   held the lead . " Now remember ... " said Froggy 's dad , and they all chanted together : " Head it ! Boot it ! Knee it ! Shoot it ! BUT DON'T USE YOUR HANDS ! "
The whistle blew and the second half started . A fly circled by . FRROOGGYY ! called the coach . " Wha - a - a - a - a - t ? " " Keep your eye on the- " Thwap ! The ball smacked him in the eye .
Froggy was mad now . The Wild Things were stampeding . The Matthew , the Dream Team 's goalkeeper , was chasing the ball . Now the goal was unguarded . This was Froggy 's chance ! He leapfrogged over Travis . He leapfrogged over Matthew .
He leapfrogged over the Wild Things ' forward who was firing the ball ...
and what a save ! Froggy caught it right before the net . But , uh - oh - he 'd used this hands !
" Oops ! " cried Froggy , looking more red in the face than green . He looked so silly , the Dream Team laughed . But not for long .
The penalty for using his hands was a free kick at the goal for the Wild Things . The Wild Things ' star forward kicked ... and scored . Now it was a tied game !
But it was n't over yet . And when there was one minute left the crowd went crazy . The clock was ticking . The ball was coming right toward Froggy .
FRROOGGYY ! yelled his dad . " Wha - a - a - a - a - t ? " But Froggy knew what to do .
He jammed his hands in his armpits . He stuffed them in his pockets . He stuck them in his mouth . Then he power - kicked the ball so far down the filed that it bounced over the goalie 's head ...
smack into the goal . YES !
The Dream Team had won the City Cup ! They shouted and danced . And Froggy sang : " Head it ! Boot it ! Knee it ! Shoot it ! BUT DON'T USE YOUR HANDS ! -
" except to slap high fives ! " - slap slap slap !

Froggy stepped up to bat . He wound up and swung- whack ! The ball sailed up ... up ... up ... and out of the park . " Home run ! Home run ! " shouted Froggy . He yelled so lound ...
he woke himself up . He hopped out of bed and flopped into the kitchen- flop flop flop .
" Let 's go , Dad , " said Froggy . " Today 's my first day of T - ball ! " " I know , " said his dad . " I 'm the coach . " " Oops ! " said Froggy . " I know that ! "
Then he flopped back to his room to get dressed- flop flop flop ... zap ! zeep ! zoop ! zim ! zup ! zat !
Back in the kitchen he ate his bowl of cereal and flies . " Now , Froggy , " said his dad , " remember , when you hit the ball , run the bases in the right order :
" First , run to first . Second , run to second . Third , run to third . Then run home ! "
" I know ! " said Froggy . And together they leap - frogged all the way to the baseball field , singing , " First , run to first . Second , run to second . Third , run to third . Then run home ! "
At the baseball field , the assistant t - ball coach , Max 's mother , said , " Okay , team , who are we ? " " The Giants ! " shouted the team . " Go , Giants ! "
" Let 's play ball ! " she yelled . " Froggy , you 're up first . "
" Go , Froggy ! " hollered Mom . " Go , Froggy ! " hollered Frogilina . " Gaga , Fwoggy ! " hollered Pollywogilina . Froggy took his first swing - zwish ! He missed ! Then - zwish ! zwish ! zwish !
And on his last swing , his bat flew out of his hands ... and smacked Max in the head - bonk ! ( Good thing he was wearing a helmet . ) " Okay , Froggy , good try ! " said Max 's mom . " Next up ! "
When Max came up to bat , he hit the ball - whack ! - and got on base . And so did Matthew , Travis , Frogilina , and Big Red - Whack ! Whack ! Whack ! Whack !
That inning was s - o - o - o - o long that Froggy 's mom took Polly home for her nap .
FRROOGGYY ! yelled the coach . " Wha - a - a - a - t ? " " Get out there and catch some flies ! " " Okay ! " shouted Froggy . So he grabbed his glove and flopped out to right field - flot flot flop ...
... and shagged some high flies buzzing around - zap ! zap ! zap ! " Yum ! " said Froggy . " This is fun ! " " FRROOGGYY ! " yelled the coach . " Wha - a - a - a- " Boink ! A fly ball smacked him in the nose ! " Pick up the ball , Froggy ! " yelled the coach . But Froggy was holding his nose . " Throw it , Froggy ! Throw it ! " screamed the Giants . But by the time he threw it ...
the Dodgers had scored four runs . So at the end of the inning , Froggy 's dad said , " Oh , Froggy , next time somebody hits the ball , please run for it and throw it , fast ! " " Okay , Coach ! " said Froggy .
When it was Froggy 's next turn to bat , he swung - zwap ! - and the ball dribbled off the tee ...
and he ran for it and threw it - fast - to first ! " OUT ! " cried the ref at first base . " Oops ! " said Froggy . " I threw myself out ! "
But he still had one more chance . It was the last inning . Two outs , and the bases were loaded . Froggy stepped up to bat , and swung - zwish ! He swung again - zwish ! Then on the third swing ...
Whack ! The ball sailed up ... up ... up ... and out of the park ! The crowd went crazy .
Froggy skipped around the bases , singing , " First , run to first . Second , run to second . Third , run to third . Then run home ! "
And off the field he ran - toward home ! FRROOGGYY ! yelled Frogilina . " Wha - a - a - a - t ? " " Not your home , silly ! Home plate ! "
" Oops ! " cried Froggy , looking more red in the face than green .
He ran back and stomped on home plate and shouted , " Home run ! Home run ! "
And when he finally got home , he hollered , " I hit a homer ! I hit a homer ! " " Ho bunga ! " squealed Pollywogilina . " That 's great , Froggy ! " said Mom . " I thought that game would never end ! "
And she gave him a hot dog with fly relish - munch ! crunch ! munch !

Froggy looked out the window . His shiny new bike gleamed in the sun . " Yippee ! " he said . . .
and he flopped outside and hopped on his bike - flop flop . . . bing ! - and took off .
He pedaled so fast that soon he was going about a million miles an hour !
He pedaled so fast that soon he was flying high in the sky - WHEEEEE !
And there was his dad far , far below , calling , FRROOGGYY !
Froggy stopped flying . He was falling . . . falling . . .
He woke up and rubbed his eyes . " Rise and shine , Froggy ! " said his dad . " Today 's the day we get your bike ! "
" Yippee ! " cried Froggy . He bounced out of bed and flopped into the kitchen - flop flop flop !
" Let 's go , " said Froggy . " Okay , " said his dad . " But first you have to get dressed ! " " Oops ! " said Froggy .
And he flopped back to his bedroom to get dressed - zip ! zoop ! zup ! zut ! zut ! zut !
At the bike shop , Froggy said , " I want a trick bike ! " " But , Froggy , " said his dad , " first you have to learn how to ride a bike ! "
" Okay , " said Froggy . " But I get to pick it out ! That one ! " " Too big , " said Dad . " That one ! " " Too expensive , " said Dad . " That one ! " said Froggy . " It 's the bike of my dreams ! "
" Okey - doke ! " said Dad . " Yippee ! " cried Froggy . " My very first bike ! But now I need a horn and a bell ! " " Both ? " said Dad . " Okey - doke ! " And Froggy got a horn and a bell - honk honk ! ting - a - ling !
Back at home , everybody gathered around to watch . All of Froggy 's friends were there - even Frogilina . " Okay , Froggy , " said his dad . " Now hop on and pedal like mad . I wo n't let go ! "
" Okay , " said Froggy . " But first you have to put my horn on . And my bell . Then I 'll ride my bike ! "
Froggy 's dad put his horn on - honk honk ! " Now hop on and pedal like mad , " he said . " I wo n't let go . " " Okay , " said Froggy . " But you still have to put my bell on . Then I 'll ride my bike ! " Froggy 's dad put his bell on - ting - a - ling ! " Now hop on and pedal like mad , " he said . " I wo n't let go . "
So Froggy hopped on his bike - flop flop . . . bing ! - and pedaled like mad - honk honk ! ting - a - ling ! zoom zoom zoom ! But then Froggy 's dad . . .
LET GO ! FRROOGGYY ! he yelled . " Wha - a - a - a - a - t ? " " Hold on tight ! "
" Yikes ! " cried Froggy . His bike zigged and zagged and wobbled . He was falling . . . falling . . . Thump ! He fell on his bottom . Frogilina giggled . Froggy 's dad helped him up and said , " Good job , Froggy ! Now hop on again and pedal like mad ! I wo n't let go ! "
Froggy rubbed his bottom and hopped on his bike - flop flop . . . bing ! - and pedaled like mad - honk honk ! ting - a - ling ! zoom zoom zoom ! But Froggy 's dad . . . let go again ! Froggy 's friends shouted , " Go , Froggy , go ! " " Yikes ! " cried Froggy . His bike zigged and zagged and wobbled . He was falling . . . falling . . .
But he did n't give up . He yelled , WHEEEEE ! and rode his bike . . . up and down and up and down until dinner .
All of Froggy 's friends had gone home - except for Frogilina . " Watch me ! " said Froggy . " No hands ! " And Froggy rode his bike with no hands . . .
right smack into a tree - thump ! - and fell on his rump . " Oops ! " cried Froggy , looking more red in the face than green . Frogilina laughed .
At dinner , Froggy could n't sit down . " What 's the matter ? " asked his mom . " My butt 's too sore ! " " Fwoggy ga booboo ! " giggled Polly .
But in the morning , Froggy hopped on his bike - flop flop . . . bing ! honk honk ! ting - a - ling ! zoom zoom zoom - and popped wheelies . . .
all day long - boing ! boing ! boing !

Splash !
Splish , splash .   What is that sound ?   What is hopping and jumping around ?   What loves to swim ?   What loves to eat bugs ?   It 's a frog !   Can you hop like a frog ?
Frogs live all over the world , except Antarctica .   Frogs usually live in wet places .   They like rivers , lakes , and ponds .
But some frogs live in trees .   Some even live in the desert .   Frogs can be found all over the world .   Wherever they live , that 's their habitat .
Croak !   Look at this frog croaking !   Some frogs ' throats puff up when they make sounds .   Each type of frog makes its own sound .
The coqui frog is named after the sound it makes .   It sounds like " CO - KEE ! "   This frog is the size of a quarter .   Even small frogs can make loud noises .
Frogs make different sounds for different reasons .   Sometimes it 's toward other frogs of danger .   Sometimes it 's to call to frogs nearby .
This frog lives around noisy waterfalls .   Other frogs would not be able to hear its calls .   So it dances instead !   It sticks out one leg , and then the other .   Can you dance like this frog ?
Frog Food .   What is a frog 's favorite food ?   Usually it 's insects .   Frogs eat dragonflies and crickets and other bugs .
Some frogs eat bigger animals like worms and mice .   The American bullfrog even eats other frogs !
What 's that pink flash ?   It 's how a frog catches bugs .   It shoots out its long , sticky tongue at a passing bug .   The frog pulls the bug into its mouth .   If your tongue were as long as a frog 's it would reach to your belly button !
Every Size and Color .   Frogs can be many different sizes .   The smallest frag is as big as a finger nail .   The largest is as big as a rabbit .
Frogs can be different colors , too .   Some are green or brown .   Others have stripes or spots .
Frogs can be red , yellow , or orange .   They can even be bright blue !
Watch Out !   These colorful frogs may look pretty .   But watch out !   These frogs have poison in their skin .   Their bright color warns enemies not to eat them .
This little frog is only an inch long .   Its name is Terribilis , which means " the terrible one . "   How did it get this name ?   By being the most deadly frog of all !   One Terribilis has enough poison to kill 20,000 mice .
Frog Babies .   All frogs , even the Terribilis , have mothers .   Mother frogs lay eggs .   When the eggs are ready , out pop the tadpoles !
Tadpoles are baby frogs .   But they do n't look like frogs yet .   Tadpoles have tails .   They live only in water .
Tadpoles grow up to be frogs .   At first they breathe underwater with gills .   They grow lungs for breathing air .
They groom legs for hopping and swimming .   In three months , they lose their tails .   It 's time to hop out of the water !
Toads Are Frogs , Too !   What 's the difference between toads and frogs ?
Toads are a type of frog .   Frogs spend most of their lives around water .   Toads spend more time on dry land .   Their bodies are built for where they live .
Super Frogs !   A fake face fools enemies when this frog turns around !   Any frog can jump , but watch me glide !
Loud - mouthed frog leaves enemies stunned !   He 's a master of disguise !

Not long ago in the kingdom of Arendelle summer had arrived .
But it was winter inside the castle where Princesses Elsa and Anna were playing . Elsa had magical powers and could create things out of snow and ice ! She made a snowman named Olaf . Anna was delighted .
Then Elsa accidentally hurt Anna . The king and queen rushed both girls to the mystical trolls in the mountains .
The trolls cured Anna by changing her memories of Elsa 's magic . They cautioned that others would fear Elsa 's power . To help her control it , Elsa 's parents gave her gloves .
With the castle gates closed . Elsa stayed away from Anna - she never wanted to hurt her again . But Elsa missed Anna . Anna missed Elsa .
Years later , the king and queen were lost at sea . Without their parents both princesses grew Lonelier and Lonelier . Soon it was time for Elsa to take over as Queen . She was terrified that without her gloves , she might lost control of her powers in front of everyone .
Anna on the other hand was excited to meet new people - especially a prince named Hans . They fell in love !
Elsa gathered all her courage to take off her gloves - and was successfully crowned Queen of Arendelle !
With her gloves back on , Elsa proudly stood before her people . But when Anna told Elsa that she wanted to marry Hans . Elsa forbade it . How could Anna want to marry a man she only just met ? Frustrated , Anna tried to stop her sister and accidentally pulled off one glove .
Without her glove and upset with Anna , Elsa accidentally exposed her secret powers . Ice and snow blasted from her hand , covering the kingdom . Fearing she might hurt someone and ruin her kingdom , Elsa fled .
Anna thought it was her fault Elsa 's powers had been revealed . She rushed off to find her sister . She hired a mountain man named Kristoff to be her guide .
In time , Anna and Kristoff found a snowman named Olaf . He was alive ! Anna remembered him - and the good times she had shared with her sister . Olaf led the way to Elsa .
Elsa was enjoying her time alone . Now she was free to create whatever she wanted .
She built an Ice Palace .
Anna begged Elsa to go home to thaw her frozen kingdom . But Elsa feared she could n't control her powers . Angry and afraid , elsa accidentally cast a magic freezing spell on her little sister ...
... and then created a giant snowman . Anna and Kristoff ran , Olaf ran , too !
Anna 's heart began to turn white . Kristoff led her to the trolls for help .
The trolls advised , " Only and act of true love can thaw a frozen heart . " Anna needed Hans for a true love 's kiss ! Quickly , Kristoff and Anna headed back to Arendelle .
When Anna found Hans , he refused to kiss her . His plan all along had been to take over the kingdom . Anna was crushed ! Anna realized that Kristoff loved her ! She needed all her strength to find him .
Meanwhile , Elsa had returned to Arendelle to save her kingdom . But now she was in Terrible Danger . When Anna saw Hans , she knew what she had to do .
Anna Saved Elsa .
It was an act of true love - true love between two sisters .
Soon the ice melted . And Anna realized she was in love with Kristoff . As for Elsa , she became queen again - a good queen who had learned from her sister that love was the key to controlling her powers .

What are too small to see . . . but can have the power to make you sick ?
Germs ! They 're in the air   in food and water   on your body
and on all the things you touch . Not ALL germs are bad though .
Still , germs are not for sharing
because germs can make you sick .
Achoo ! Achoo ! What do you need to do ? Cover your nose with a tissue before the germs get out .
Blow , wipe , and toss . Score !
Cough , cough , cough ! What do you need to do ? Cover up your mouth before the germs get out . Like this
or this   or even like this .
If you cough or sneeze into your hands , hurry up and wash them because Germs are not for sharing .
When germs get on your hands , they can spread to other people . When you hold hands
or play games   or give each other high fives .
Whenever you touch something ,
your germs get left behind -- and you might even pick up some new ones .
Here are some places where germs hang out :
And we can live there for up to 2 hours !
Germs , germs everywhere . . . what can you do ? You can wash your hands . Use warm water and lots of soap , scrub , scrub , scrub .
Wash for as long as it takes to sing the ABCs or Happy Birthday ( twice ) . Scrub the tops , scrub your palms ,
wash under your nails , and even your wrists . Now rinse , rinse , rinse . . .
Send those germs down the drain .
" Bye - bye germs ! " Use a clean towel to dry your hands .
10 good times to wash your hands : 1 . before you eat   2 . after you eat   3 . after you sneeze , cough , or blow your nose   4 . after rubbing your eyes   5 . after picking your nose   6 . after playing outside or with pets   7 . after counting your coins   8 . after crying   9 . after using the bathroom   10 . whenever they 're dirty !
That 's 10 good times to wash your hands -- one for each finger .
ALL CLEAN !

There once was a girl - bird named Gertrude McFuzz and she had the smallest plain tail ever was . One droopy - droop feather . That 's all she had . And , oh ! That one feather made Gertrude so sad .
For there was another young bird that she knew , a fancy young birdie name Lolla - Lee - Lou , and instead of one feather behind , she had two ! Poor Gertrude ! Whenever she happened to spy Miss Lolla - Lee - Lou flying by in the sky , she got very jealous . She frowned . And she pouted . " This just is n't fair ! I have one ! She has two ! I MUST have a tail just like Lolla - Lee - Lou ! "
So she flew to her uncle , a doctor named Dake whose office was high in a tree by the lake and she cried , " Uncle Doctor ! Oh , please do you know of some kind of pill that will make my tail grow ? " " Tut tut ! " said the doctor . " Such talk ! How absurd ! Your tail is just right for your kind of bird . "
The Gertrude had tantrums . She raised such a din that finally her uncle , the doctor , gave in and he told her just where she could find such a pill n a pill - berry tree vine on the top of the hill . " Oh , thank you ! " chirped Gertrude McFuzz , and she flew right straight to the hill where the pill - berry grew .
Yes ! There was the vine ! And as soon as she saw it she plucked off a berry . She started to gnaw it . It tasted just awful . Almost made her sick . But she wanted that tail , so she swallowed it quick . Then she felt something happen ! She felt a small twitch as is she 's been tapped , down behind , by a switch . And Gertrude looked ' round . And she cheered ! It was true ! Two feathers ! Exactly like Lolla - Lee - Lou ! Then she got an idea ! " Now I know what I 'll do ... I 'll grow a tail better than Lolla - Lee - Lou ! "
" These pills that grow feathers are working just fine ! " So she nibbled another one off of the vine .
he felt a new twitch . And then Gertrude yelled , " WHEE ! Miss Lolla has only just two ! I have three ! When Lolla - Lee - Lou sees this beautiful stuff , she 'll fall right down flat on her face , sure enough ! I 'll show HE who 's pretty ! I certainly will ! Why , O'l make my tail even prettier still !
She snatched at those berries that grew on that vine . She gobbled down four , five , six , seven , eight , nine ! And she did n't stop eating , young Gertrude McFuzz , till she 'd eaten three dozen ! That 's all that there was .
Then the feathers popped out ! With a zang ! With a zing ! They blossomed like flowers that bloom in the spring . All fit for a queen ! What a sight to behold ! They sparkled like diamonds and gumdrops and gold ! Like silk ! l Like spaghetti ! Like satin ! Like lace ! They burst out like rockets all over he place ! They waved in the air and they swished in the breeze ! And some were as long as the branches of trees . And still they kept growing ! They popped and they popped until , ' long about sundown when , finally , they stopped .
" And NOW , " giggled Gertrude , " The next thing to do is to fly right home and show Lolla - Lee - Lou ! And when Lolla sees these , why her face will get red and she 'll let out a scream and she 'll fall right down dead ! "
Then she spread out her wings to take off from the ground , but , with all of those feathers , she weighed ninety pound ! She yanked and she pulled and she let our a squawk , but that bird could n't fly ! Could n't run ! Could n't walk !
And all through that night , she was stuck on that hill , and Gertrude McFuzz might be stuck up there still if her good Uncle Dake had n't heard the girl yelp . He rushed to her rescue and brought along help .
To lift Gertrude up almost broke all their   bears and to fly her back home , it took almost two weeks . And then it took almost another week more to pull out those feathers . My ! Gertrude was sore !
And finally , when all of the pulling was done , Gertrude , behind her , again had just one ... that one little feather she had as a starter . But now that was enough , because now she is smarter .

Farmer Brown was going on vacation . He left is brother , Bob , in charge of the animals .
" I wrote everything down for you . Just follow my instructions and everything will be fine . But keep an eye on Duck . He 's trouble . "
Farmer Brown thought he heard giggles and snickers as he drove away , but he could n't be sure .
Bob gave Duck a good stare and went inside . He read the first note : Tuesday night is pizza night ( not the frozen kind ! ) . The hens prefer anchovies .
Giggle , giggle , cluck .
Twenty - nine minutes later there was hot pizza in the barn .
Bob checked on the animals before he went to bed . Everything was just fine .
Wednesday is bath day for the pigs . Wash them with my favorite bubble bath and dry them off with my good towels . Remember , they have very sensitive skin .
Giggle , giggle , oink .
Bob had all the pigs washed in no time .
Farmer Brown called home on Wednesday night to check in . " Did you feed the animals like I wrote in the note ? " he asked .
" Done , " replied Bob , counting seven empty pizza boxes .
" Did you see my note about the pigs ? " " All taken care of , " said Bob proudly . " Are you keeping a very close eye on Duck ? " he asked . Bob gave Duck a good long stare . Duck was too busy sharpening his pencil to notice .
" Just keep him in the house , " ordered Farmer Brown . " He 's a bad influence on the cows . " Giggle , giggle , moo , giggle , oink , giggle , quack .
Thursday night is movie night . It 's the cows ' turn to pick .
Giggle , giggle , moo .
Bob was in the kitchen , popping corn . Just as the animals settled in to watch THE SOUND OF MOOSIC , the phone rang .
The only thing Farmer Brown heard on the other end was : " Giggle , giggle , quack , giggle , moo , giggle , oink … " UH - OH . " DUCK ! " screamed Farmer Brown .
It 's for you , Bob !

Chapter 1 : The Wiggles . Gilbert had a loose thought . It wiggled during spelling . It wobbled when he walked . And it hurt when he bit into his sandwich .
" Maybe it will fall out today , " Patty said . " Do n't forget to put it under your pillow if it does . " Patty smiled . She had a big window in her mouth . Frank and Margaret had windows too .
Lewis did n't have a window in his mouth . Lewis did n't even have a loose tooth . He did n't want to hear about teeth . He wanted to play kickball .
" Gilbert ! " Lewis shouted . " It 's your turn . Stop playing with your tooth and kick the ball ! "
Gilbert kicked , but he missed and fell on his bottom ! " Uh - oh ! " he said , holding his mouth . " My tooth came out ! " Patty said , " Yay , Gilbert ! Now the tooth fairy will come . " Lewis did n't say , " Yay ! " He said , " Gilbert , stop playing with your tooth and kick the ball ! " Gilbert put the tooth into his pocket . Then he kicked the ball and made a run . Everyone said , " Yay ! " Except Lewis .
When the bell rang , Lewis picked up the kickball . He picked up the soccer ball . He picked up the baseball . And he picked up something small and white .
Chapter 2 : The Worries . After school , Gilbert ran home . " My tooth feel out ! " he shouted . " Let me see it , " Lola said . Gilbert reached into his pocket . But he did n't find a tooth . He found a hole !
Gilbert ran to Mother and cried , " I Lost my tooth ! " Mother smiled and said , " It 's about time , Gilbert . It was very loose . "
" No , " Gilbert said . " I mean I REALLY lost my tooth . I ca n't find it ! I ca n't put it under my pillow ! " Mother said , " Hmmm . . . Maybe you can leave a note for the Tooth Fairy to tell her what happened . "
" I 'm going to leave a note too , " Lola said . " Maybe the Tooth Fairy will bring me something . " " But you did n't loose a tooth , " Gilbert said . " She does n't know that , " Lola said .
Gilbert wrote a note . Dear Tooth Fairy , I lost my tooth today . I mean I Really lost it . Can you leave something under my pillow anyway ? I will be more careful next time . Thank you . Your friend , Gilbert
Lola wrote a not too .
That night , Gilbert put the note under his pillow . Lola put her note under her pillow .
And Lewis put a small white tooth under his pillow .
Chapter 3 : The Wake - up . When the sun went down and the moon came up , the Tooth Fairy went to work . She packed her bad full of gifts and money . She turned on her magic tooth - detector and flew into the night . She flew over the rooftops until her tooth - detector lit up . When she was right over Lewis 's house , it grew brighter and brighter ! " I found one ! " she said .
She crept into Lewis 's room and peeked under his pillow . She found a small white tooth . " My tooth - detector is always right ! " she said . But before she put the tooth into her bag , she looked at it closely .
Then she looked at Lewis snoring with his mouth open . " Hmmm . . . , " she said . Suddenly the tooth - detector buzzed and beeped like crazy . It was pointing toward Gilbert 's house !
The next morning , Gilbert looked under his pillow and found money ! Mother said , " The Tooth Fairy must have seen your note , Gilbert . " Gilbert put the money into his piggy bank .
Lola looked under her pillow . She found a pink toothbrush . Mother said , " The Tooth Fairy must want you to take care of your teeth , Lola . " Lola brushed her teeth very hard . Maybe they would come loose !
Lewis looked under his pillow . He did n't find money . He did n't find a toothbrush . He found a note that said :
Dear Lewis I found a tooth under your pillow , but I do not think it is yours . Sometimes my tooth - detector can be wrong ! I will be back again when you REALLY lose a tooth . Your friend , The Tooth Fairy . " Oops , " Lewis said .
At recess , Gilbert told everyone about the note he had left under his pillow .
Lewis wondered if he should tell everyone about the tooth he had found on the playground . He wondered so hard that he did n't see the ball coming . It hit him right in the face !
" OW ! " Lewis cried . But then he felt something wiggly and wobbly in his mouth . " My tooth is loose ! " he shouted . Everyone said , " Yay ! " Even Lewis .

It was beach day ! Father drove , Mother read the map , Lola looked at a book , and Gilbert scratched his head .
" I think I forgot something , " he said .
Gilbert tried to remember all the things he had packed . His boogie board was in the trunk . His flippers and goggles were on the floor .
He had paddles and balls , a shovel and pail , a book and a hat . But something was missing . " I know I forgot something , " he said . " I 'm really upset . "
" I 'm upset too , " Lola cried . She held up her book and said , " There are sharks and jellyfish and all kinds of scary things in the water . I am not going swimming ! "
Mother said , " But you have a brand - new bathing suit , Lola . I think you will want to go swimming . "
Then Gilbert remembered what he forgot . " Uh - oh , " he said . " My bathing suit ! "
At the beach , Gilbert found a suit that said " Surfer Dude " on it . I think it is too big , " Mother said . " This is the one I want , " Gilbert said . When he put it on , he was n't just a possum anymore . He was surfer dude !
Father laid   blanket on the sand . Mother put up the umbrella . Lola cried , " I 'm still not going in the water . " " You can play in the sand , " Gilbert said . " I 'm going surfing . " " Wait ! " Lola said . " First help me dig a hole . "
Gilbert helped Lola dig a deep hole . " Okay , " Gilbert said . " I 'm going in the water now . " " Wait ! " Lola said . " Help me fill my pool . "
Gilbert helped Lola fill the hole with water . Then he picked up his boogie board and ran to the waves . " Here comes Surfer Dude , " he said .
But a big wave knocked Surfer Dude down . Water got in his eyes . Sand got in his suit .
And his boogie board went surfing without him .
Gilbert was not a Surfer Dude . He was just a wet possum in a big blue bathing suit !
Father said , " It looks like Surfer Dude needs a hand . " He helped Gilbert out to the deep water .
When a big wave came , Father pushed the board . Gilbert held on tight . He was riding the wave ! He was Surfer Dude !
Then Surfer Dude felt like something was missing . " Uh - oh , " Gilbert said . " My bathing suit ! "
Suddenly a lady yelled , " There 's something in the water ! " " I think it 's a jellyfish ! " a boy cried . " Maybe it 's a shark ! " a girl screamed .
And then Gilbert saw the scary thing . It was swimming right next to him !
Gilbert was about to jump out of the water with nothing on ! But then he saw that the scary thing was bright blue and had the words " Surfer Dude " on it . Gilbert grabbed it before it could float away .
Everyone was looking at Gilbert . He put the suit on and waved . " False alarm , " the lifeguard said . " Nothing to be afraid of . "
Back on the beach , Lola asked , " Were you afraid ? " Gilbert said , " Not Surfer Dude ! " Then he said , " Come on Lola . Let 's go in the water . "
And they did .

A winter snow had covered the forest , but Mouse was cozy in her tiny home . She was snuggled under the covers fast asleep .
CRACK ! Mouse woke up and ran outside . What was that sound ? A huge branch crashed to the ground , missing her by inches . " Oh , no ! " Mouse cried . Her cozy home was ruined !
Climbing a tall tree , Mouse saw the twinkling lights of a house nearby . " I will look for a new home there , " she said .
After a long , cold journey , she reached the big house . A warm light glowed from the window . She climbed up to take a peek . Mouse could n't believe her eyes ! There , inside the house , was her new home , just her size - almost like magic . But how could she get in ?
Then Mouse saw her chance . She jumped up onto the tree as it brushed by and was inside the house in a   twinkling .
Mouse scurried up onto the table . She could n't wait to move in !
She made a small box into a dresser . She made a rug and curtains from ribbon and string .
She made a rocking chair from cardboard .
" This is starting to feel like home , " she said softly as she dropped off to sleep .
Suddenly there was a huge crash ! Mouse jumped up from her bed . " Ouch ! " she heard someone say . A giant man in a red suit stumbled into the room from the fireplace , rubbing his head . He pulled packages from a large bag and placed them under a tree .
" You have a nice little home , " he said as he filled the stockings over the fireplace . " You mean ME ? " Mouse asked . " You might need a place that will last a bit longer , though . " he said as he sipped his cocoa . " Maybe I can help . " He stood up and brushed cookie crumbs from his coat . Then he pulled one last gift from his bag .
Mouse gasped in surprise . There in front of her was the nicest gift she could imagine ! " It 's beautiful ! " she cried . But when she turned around , the man in the red suit was gone . " Ho ! Ho ! Ho ! " she heard echoing from the chimney .
Mouse settled in right away .
On Christmas morning , the snow was falling softly outside the window . Mouse got up bright and early to watch the presents being opened .
Later Christmas night , Mouse sat happily knitting a sweater in her new home . She heard a soft knocking sound . She peeked out the door and saw a package on the doorstop . A small card was attached with ribbon .
Merry Christmas Gingerbread Mouse .

Gerald was a tall giraffe whose neck was long and slim . But his knees were awfully crooked and his legs were rather thin .
He was very good at standing still and munching shoots off trees .
But when he tried to run around , he buckled at the knees .
Now every year in Africa they hold the Jungle Dance , where every single animal turns up to skip and prance .
JUNGLE DANCE And this year when the day arrived poor Gerald felt so sad because when it came to dancing he was really bad .
The warthogs started waltzing and the rhinos rock'n'rolled .
The lions danced a tango that was elegant and bold .
The chimps all did a cha - cha with a very Latin feel ,
and eight baboons then teamed up for a splendid scottish reel .
Gerald swallowed bravely as he walked toward the floor . But the lions saw him coming and they soon began to roar .
" Hey , look at clumsy Gerald , " the animals all sneered . " Giraffes ca n't dance , you silly fool ! Oh , Gerald , you 're so weird "
Gerald simply froze up . He was rooted to the spot . They 're right , he thought . I 'm useless . Oh , I feel like such a clot .
So he crept off from the dance floor , and he started walking home . He 'd never felt so sad before- so sand and so alone .
Then he found a little clearing and he looked up at the sky . " The moon can be so beautiful he whispered with a sigh .
" Excuse me ! " coughed a cricket who 'd seen gerald earlier on . " But sometimes when you 're different you just need a different song . "
" Listen to the swaying grass and listen to the trees . To me the sweetest music is those branches in the breeze .
So imagine that the lovely moon is playing just for you- everything makes music if you really want it to . "
With that , the cricket smiled and picked up his violin . Then Gerald felt his body do the most amazing thing . His hooves had started shuffling making circles on the ground . His neck was gently swaying , and his tail was swishing round .
He threw his arms out sideways , and he swung them everywhere . Then he did a backward somersault and leapt up in the air .
Gerald felt so wonderful his mouth was open wide . " I am dancing ! Yes , I 'm dancing ! I AM DANCING ! " Gerald cried .
Then , one by one , each animal who 'd been there at the dance arrived whiled Gerald boogied on and watched him , quite entranced .
They shouted , " It 's a miracle ! We must be in a dream . Gerald 's the best dancer that we 've ever , ever seen ! "
" How did you learn to dance like that ? Please , Gerald , tell us how . " But Gerald simply twirled around and finished with a bow .
Then he raised his head and looked up at the moon and stars above . " We all can dance , " he said " when we find music that we love . "

Give thanks for each day . Give thanks for each night . For colorful flowers , for stars shining bright .
Give thanks for new cranes , red , green , and blue .
Give thanks for the moments when wishes come true .
Give thanks for the train that chugs down the track .
Give thanks for the comfort when mommy comes back .
Give thanks for a puzzle , a favorite bear .
The thrill when you 're lifted way up in the air .
A hug ! A parade !
A bath ! A new toy !
The things in our world that fill us with joy !
Give thanks for a walk by a lake in the park .
Give thanks for the light in our home after dark .
Give thanks for the snowflakes that fall from above .
For getting together with people you love .
Give thanks for sweet ice cream ,
For ducks in a row .
Give thanks for great stories , shish help you grow .
Give thanks for the ocean . Give thanks for the sand .
The sweet , simple pleasure when we 're holding hands .
Give thanks for " I love you , "
The best words to say .
Give thanks for each night . Give thanks for each day .

Harriet the Hamster was vexed . Between the neon sign blinking HAMSTER WORLD and her sister Patricia 's snores , she was wide awake . Hamster World was having its huge annual sale in the morning . It was the hamsters ' big chance to be adopted , and she had to get her beauty sleep . Harriet decided to read some of the magazine pages the assistant store manager had used to line their cage . Sometimes she got lucky and found a whole issue of Nuts and Seeds Weekly or Hamsters Digest . She loved reading the pages of Hamsters at Home , filled with photos of hamsters in their luxurious new homes .
" What if I 'm never chosen ? " Harriet murmured . " No one ever seems to notice Patricia and me . " Patricia gave a little snore and rolled over . Harriet 's eye was caught by the page Patricia had been lying on .
Not Getting Noticed ? Now YOU can go from Hamster to Glamster ! " Where , here 's something interesting ! " Harriet said .
Harriet scanned the article , and her eyes grew wide . There were pictures of Glamsteres everywhere . Their fur was sleek and shiny . They wore fancy , glittering shoes and enormous , white - rimmed sunglasses .
Rad HATS MAKE THE Glamster ! Shine like a Star ! HIP !
I bet if I looked like that , I 'd be noticed in record time , Harriet thought . All she had to do was follow a few simple steps . Fur Volumizer Recipe   page 36 ! The Grande Dame of GLAM ! Hilda Hamstri
HArriet took the five - minute " RAte your Glamster Potential " quiz . She chose her signature colors , and filled out a questionnaire called " Is Your Coat Dazzling or Dull ? " YES NO MAYBE She created her own version of their HIgh Gloss - and - Glo Fur Volumizer , using carrot juice , water , and essence of sesame - see husk . She rubbed the potion over every inch of her fur , just as the article said .
" Why , I feel tingly and sleep already ! " Harriet declared . Patricia continued to snore away .
Harriet followed the instructions under " Create Your Unique Look " and made a glamourous hat . She used a wrapper from a Life Savers Tropical Fruits roll to give it an exotic , rainbow look .